Richard didn't sleep at all after the truck dropped them off. While squad A was dropped of rather near the colony, his squad wasn't so lucky. In these parts lots of others were still roaming free. Only near the guarded fence men were hunting for the others so they wouldn't bother them.
The sun rose slowly and pitch black slowly faded into a grew and then into a warm yellow. It was beautiful watching the sunrise from his tree. They decided to camp in the trees for the remaining hours of this night. On the ground without a decent shelter or a fire it was too dangerous. The General didn't give them any camouflage clothes or sturdy ones. He wore his normal white shirt, a blue jeans and a black hoody overtop. Scarlett wasn't so lucky. She must have layed down her school uniform to wear it the next day and had no time to change it to something more suited in the wild. Her short skirt wasn't practical at all out here.
Their forth member was Dimitri. He was most of the time in the middle of the standings. Good physical points but he was a mediocre shooter. It seemed to Richard they put students from every skill level together into a squad to achieve highest results. They didn't set them up for failure but to see how they would work together. He already felt like dead weight to them. Richard didn't want to slow them down or be the one that had to be rescued all the time.
Squad D crawled down from their hiding places to meet and discuss the mission. Richard had cut himself on a tree branch in the night. They didn't have any light so it was difficult to make out any branches sticking out. One of those tiny stumps cut him on his forearm. He made a quick bandage out of a piece of his shirt. In the light he saw it was more bloody than he thought. He must clean the wound and bandage it the right way as fast as possible. But first, the mission.
"Well, that was comfortable", Dimitri's voice cut through the silence. During the night Richard heard absolutely nothing except the wind blowing through the leaves. No animals, nothing. With the first light a few birds dared to sing their songs. It was too quiet.
"Let's see what our mission is and don't waste any time." Scarlett was already going through her pack. The others followed her lead.
"It seems to me I got the map and compass", Zoey said.
"Great", Scarlett responded. This is going wrong already, Richard thought. These two were a powder keg ready to explode and endanger the whole Squad.
In his bag, Richard found a med kit, bandages, some desinfectant and a few dosis of arclarin. Thinking of his wound this was perfect.
"Oh, ehm nurse? Could you help me with something? I think I am hurt."
"Haha. Cut it out Scar." She was right. He was the squad nurse now.
"We need to secure drinking water first and find a place to boil it. They only gave us a sip of water and I think we all drank it during the night. So let's get moving", Scarlett said.
"Who made you the leader of our squad?", Zoey countered.
"Okay guys", Richard tried, "Let's focus on one thing after the other and don't fight. We enough fighting ahead of us."
"Richard is right. No more fighting", Dimitri added. "Let's find some water. Zoey, is there any mention of water on the map?"
Zoey unraveled the paper. The point where they were dropped off was marked with a big red dot. While she was looking through the map the others prepared themselves.
Scar put on a black leather harness to fix her small sword on the back. She also got a belt of throwing knives and a normal surivival army knife. The harness pushed her breast up slightly so they looked bigger. Richard looked away, he needed to concentrate on his gear.
Besides the medical utensils they gave him some arrow heads made from old tin cans, a bowstring and carbon bow limbs he could assemble and disassemble in under a minute, some feathers as well as some basic cooking gear. No guns, he even needed to make the arrows himself before he could use his bow. You are dead weight, he thought. On the side dangled a small axe for splitting fire wood. Maybe this would make a good weapon. Holding it in his hand he did a few swipes. It felt heavy in his hand, perfect for splitting some heads.
Dimitry was standing upright with a rifle over his torso and a handgun on his side. Both had silencers on them. The loud noises of rifles would attract to many unwanted guests. Even the silencer wouldn't elimate the sounds completely but at least it wouldn't be heard all over the forest. Richard felt naked besides him.
"Hey Dimitri, could you give me your pistol? I can't use my bow before we haven't set up a camp yet", Richard asked.
He looked him up and down. "Don't worry, you won't need a weapon. Just get behind me and do your job, nurse." He turned around. "How far are with the, Map-Reader?"
"Just give the boy a gun he thinks he is the boss of us all", Scarlett said. She had to put her weapons and harness away so she can carry her backpack. The knife belt was secured around one shoulder nad her waist now.
"I think it is important to have a squad leader and I am capable. You two girls can't be leaders. I don't want any more of this chick fighting. So I will take the lead. Don't worry we will see this mission through and we can all go home."
He didn't even mention Richard. He wasn't a contender for leader. And nobody said a word about. They all knew it. He was at the bottom of the list. Even his friend Scarlett didn't utter a word. Dead weight, dead weight.
"We have go north-east for about one kilometre. We can rest at a creak, Richard needs to clean his wound and we will fill our bottles there, and then make our way to the first campsite. We need to get there way before sundown. A fire at night is too dangerous but we need to make food Richard needs to make some arrows", said Zoey. She was the saboteur. She had two packets of C4 and ranged detonators.
"You guys? What's the mission anyway?", Scarlett asked into the round They didn't know. Richard looked through his pack again but no sight of an envelope or anything else. The others looked confused too.
"Oh right", Scarlett pulled out white envelope from her pack. "I got the details. Silly me."
"Cut the bullshit and open it", Zoey sounded agitated.
"I already read it, stupid. We need to clear a small village, make some pictures of the surrounding from the church tower and then infiltrate a camp to sabotage their water towers. Simple as fuck. I don't know why we have to be four to do this. Three would have been enough." She glanced over to Zoey.
"Then let's get going and don't waste any time", Dimitri said. "I go first, then the map reader. Nurse in the middle and Scarlett at the end."
"Wait", Richard almost shouted. "They want us to sabotage another camp of humans? Why? We will kill them all if they don't have a good water supply."
Richard was confused nobody even bat an eye about this. He though the missions were all scouting, killing some of the others, suriving in the wild. The most important job of the military was to ensure the safety of their colony. Killing other humans was only part of it if they were under immediate danger.
"You don't know, Dick. Maybe they are planning and attack on our colony. Maybe they are threatening our food supply. I don't know. The mission is clear and we will fulfill it." Richard saw she was still angry with him. But still, she was right. He couldn't know the full truth. It will all clear up when we get there, he thought. He wouldn't kill any innocent people.
Squad D had stashed their backpacks high up in sturdy oak trees. The leaves and branches acted as a natural cover for their belongings. It would not be practical for long now because autumn was coming. The leaves were already changing colour and a few turned into a soft yellow. Then they grouped on a vantage point to oversee the small town in front of them. Zoey held a hand against her forehead. Dimitri checked his guns, counted his magazines.
The town must have been inhabited by around a thousand people before it all started. No signs of other humans, no signs of anything. Not a single pillar of smoke rose up anywhere. The buildings were, for the most part, completely intact. They had been watching for an hour now, listening for any sounds but nothing had changed. A few birds were chriping and the wind blew soflty around the leaves. Nothing else.
Scarlett had put on her harness with her sword, Zoey and Richard had made long spears from wood and hardened them over the fire. His was made from a ash tree and Zoey made her's from a chestnut. They were sturdy but nothing compared to the guns and sword of the other two members. Richard had put together all the useful medical utensils for this part of the mission. Bandages, arclarin for emergencys as well as some water, food and the camera. His trusty axe hang from his belt. You are dead weight, dead weight.
"I think we should go in. Waiting here won't bring us any further", said Dimitri. Richard had grown to dislike him quite a bit. In the last three days they walked through the forest him and Scar had become more and more familiar. Too familiar for his liking. Scar had said, she will forget everything about that day and everything was fine but they didn't spent much time together. While she was hanging out with Dimitri, talking about the mission and other things he was stuck with Zoey.
"Let's go guys", Scarlett jumped up and descended down the hill.
They were constantly scanning their surroundings. Richard and Zoey were on either side while Scarlett lead them and Dimitri concluded their formation. Nothing would move without them noticing in full circle around them. The houses were worn down, overgrown with vegetation. They saw old cars with broken windows, cars which crashed into each other and even some bones here and there. Human bones.
"I think we have got some company", said Scarlett over her shoulder. "I will rush in, cover my back."
She pulled out her sword. Richard saw six of them coming out from a garage on the right. Their skin was bruised and heavily scarred. In school they learned, the first stadium of the virus made them want to pull off their own skin. That's why so many of them had scars from their own scratches all over their body. Saliva was dripping from their mouths. They looked like they hadn't eaten in days. The bones were defined and they had problems running.
Richard and Zoey had to give their all to not fall behind too far. Scarlett was rushing into them like a lighting. She dodged under the attack of the first one and cut him at the knee. He fell down to the ground unable to use his leg anymore. Richard killed him with a single thrust of his spear to the heart. Pitch black blood splatter over the body and when he pulled out his spear, drops of blood drip to the ground.
Scarlett danced through them, cutting them with every movement. She never only dodged their attacks, she always was dealing some in return. In moments she killed four and let two for Zoey and Richard to give them the last hit. Her white shirt was sprinkled with black dots of their blood. She cleaned her blade with one of the dead's clothes and put it on her back again.
"That looked so hot", Dimitri said when he catched up to them. Scarlett grabbed one of the corpses by the hair and punched their upper incissors out with the handle of her knive. With two strong punched she got the first two. With a triumphant gesture she held them up high. They almost had no more ressemblents with human teeth. They turned completely black. Zoey was working on another one and even Dimitri joined in now.
The corpse closest to Richard was a woman once. Her hair was coal black and her skin so dirty it looked more like fur than actual skin. The smell was disgusting. A mixtur of fecies, mud and raw meat. As he grabbed its hair he pulled out his hatchet.
She opened her eyes. Completely black eyes looking at him. He jumped away giving off a shrill, anxious shout.
He earned a wave of laughter from his comrades.
"Did you forget about the reflexes, Dick?", asked Scarlett with a smug smile on her face.
"It just suprised me, that's all", he answered. Dimitri's face said it all. He was beneath them. You are dead weight, dead weight. He got up, grabbed the hair with one hand and hit the woman with the back of his hatchet. The teeth rolled over the floor. He had to pick out the incissors from the rest, he almsot knocked them all out.
"I see the church over there." He pointed into the distance, a few hundred metres from where they stood, the bell tower of the church rose up over the town. It had a red roof with white tower walls. The white was yellowing and the roof lost many of its tiles. Richard stood up, put the teetch in one of his side pockets and went over to the others.
"Let's hope we get some more fun over there", Scarlett said. She and Dimitri pressed on. Zoey and Richard had to follow them. He wished he could change places with Dimitri and walk with Scar, talk and joke with her. Now he was stuck with Zoey. In the wild there weren't many things to do after the sun set. Scar and Dimitri were spending the nights talking and flirting with each other, making it clear there was a seperation between them and him. So he was forced to spend his time with Zoey. It wasn't bad at all. She was not only smart and funny, but also highly skilled. She could start a fire in an instant, knew all the bushes, trees and insects by name.
"Come on, Legolas. The great captains have spoken." Zoey had given him the name Legolas after he had tested his bow and hand crafted arrows. They had to make a fire so Richard could bend his arrow shafst into the right shape. In total he made twelve arrows, eight arrowheads were still stashed away at the bottom of his bag. He was a good shot, better than with any guns. Maybe the General knew his strenght and gave him exactly what he needed to succeed on this mission. Sadly he left the bow and arrows behind. Dimitri was under the impression they didn't need it and it would just slow them down. After all, he had a gun that could shoot more precisely and further than he could ever.
Richard looked around. "Let's move quickly. I don't like this place."
"Are you scared?" Zoey laughed. Her white teeth popped out from the rest.
Only a fool would not be scared, Richard thought.
This feeling was exhilarating. The wind blew against her face, the trees and fields rushed towards her and then she was past them. Faster and faster she drove the huge highway along. The sun shone warm and soft on her skin. The feeling of speed and freedom, yes that's what she felt. Mia felt free in this moment. For years she wasn't allowed to leave the camp, except to go down to the river and get some water or wash clothes. She has escaped her cage and could finally feel what it meant to be free.
The map, Moira gave her, showed a vast range around the camp. She needed to traverse some distance before she could meet this guy Eran, Moira told her about. In the night of the escape she had found the bike behind an old oak tree, hidden under leaves and branches. It was a sturdy bike, nothing fancy but good enough to go around twenty-five kilometres an hour.
Mia wanted to shout and scream but she was too afraid of someone hearing her. So her face became a painting of joy, a wide smile and shining eyes. The feeling of speed and freedom let her forget that she was alone now. On her own with no home to go to.
At midday she found a nice, shaded place to have a lunch break. According to the map she would need to go for about three more hours until she would need to go by foot into the forest. Under a couple of fir trees she sat down on the soft mossy ground and went through her ration. As she was driving down the road, she was looking out for anything edible around her. But no luck so far. The street had some holes in it where nature has claimed some ground back.
A faint roaring sound came from far away down the street. Mia didn't know if she wanted to be seen by them or not. Maybe they could help her out, maybe she could even tag along with them. In the end she decided not to engage with them but play it safe. She hid behind a shallow hill, lay down on her stomach and waited.
The sound got louder and louder until finally she could see two cars moving along the street. They were going at an incredible speed and it looked to Mia like they were racing each other. She only got a glimpse of them rushing by but she knew these people weren't friendly at all. They had flags with various uninviting symbols on them waving in the wind. The sounds of music blarted through the air.
Mia crawled up from her hiding place and rubbed her clothes clean from green moss, dirt and grass. She pulled her bike out of the thickets and got back onto the road. The sun shone bright and warmed her face but the wind was cold and went underneath her clothes into her bones. Mia's nose began to run and she put a scarf around her face, which left only her eyes exposed.
After a while the sounds of motors came back. This time she heard them behind her.. Quickly she left the street again, hid behind a few fir trees and ducked down onto the ground. The cars rushed by like the last time, only the music was different this time. She saw the cars better this time. Both were similar to the blancet Moira gave to Mia before she left. They were put together from different car parts which didn't match at all. Both were pickup trucks with people on the loading area, screaming and hitting the car with their fist to fire up the driver. Then they disappeared behind the next turn.
The sun had wandered near to the horizon when Mia finally arrived at the bridge. It span over a river, almost sixty metres over the water surface. She stopped and looked down, it made her bit nasseaus but excited too. Even the tallest tower in her camp wasn't nearly as high as this bridge. The water calmy flowed down its path under her. She even saw for the first time, some animals. A few ducks here and there.
Mia pulled out her map. It must be the river drawn onto the map which she needed to follow up stream. Her bike would only slow her down from now on so she parked it safely under some trees, covered it up just like Moira did and marked it on her map. She used a small drop of pine resin with dirt to mark the point. She let it dry for a bit and rolled it back up. Tomorrow she needed to find the cave where Eran lived. It would be a long march but there was no turning back for her anymore.
