Formatting instructions (delete these lines)
--------------------------------------------------
Replace [PB] with ^m
Replace <center> with center formatting
Autoformat to convert *bold* and _italic_ text (e.g. chapter headings)
--------------------------------------------------





[PB]






<center>*Mia leaves camp*



The huge gate closed behind the truck entering the parameter. The old maschine did its best to transport the load of potatoes from the fields, pumping out clouds of black smoke out of the back. Its colour must have been a vibrant green a long time ago but the dirt and rust has taken its toll on the metal. It was Harvest Day and the truck was desperately awaited. Mia had climbed the watch tower four times before it finally came into view and she could anounce the good news. She rang the harvest bell so everbody would know it was time. With a loud bang the vehicle stopped and shut off.
The Harvest Day festival was the biggest in the year. Food was plenty and even though they had only potatoes, it would be a feast. The workers had accompanied the truck on either side making it look more like a parade. On a normal work day they would come on their bikes but on this special occasion they walked all nine kilometres by foot. The sun was almost touching the mountain tops in the west.
Dave the truck driver, pivoted the loading area so all the delicious potatoes would flood over the floor. His red lumberjack shirt had by now more holes than their fence. His precious bleached out cap barely read NYC on the front. The potatoe sea was greeted with smiling faces, loud applaus and lots of pats on the back. Mia saw they would have even more than last year. This time it would be no problem to get through the winter if they could get another load like this the next time they went out to the fields. And this year there will be less souls to feed anyway, she thought.
"Let's have our feast!", Dave shouted through the broken window. "I could go for some roasted potatoes right now."
The woman were already picking up the goods and putting them into all sorts of containers. They didn't have many light plastic containers and most of them had too many holes to hold a good amount. They also made containers out of wood or old scrap metal. Mia had her own wodden bucket with her. She even made a handle for it so she could two of them if she would ever get around to crafting another one. It was made from an old oak tree they needed to chop down for some storage. The wood was too beautiful to use it as fire wood so everybody who could make something out of it got a piece. Mia made a bucket in months of hard, painful work. She finshed it just in time so her hands still hurt from tidying up her masterpiece.
She fit in not as many potatoes as she would have hoped but she was proud of it anyway. Mia was in charge of the big camp fire this year. She got this responsibility because she was almost eighteen now. Potatoe duty wasn't on her task list at all but she wanted to help out anyway. The firewood was already stockpiled all around the big fire place. She even got Noah and Jett to craft some new seats for today. So this time they could all sit around the fire and nobody had to suffocate between the big Kate and Dave.
Mia had prepared the tinder to light the fire. She only needed to make sparks with her knife and the firesteel. The wodden handle felt soft in her hands but she had a good grip on it. The hard work on it paid of. Before she hit both together she called for the children. The three girls Adelaide, Sarah and Claire wore their selfmade dresses. None of them were older than ten but they could sew better than most of the adults. Their small hands were quick and exact. The dresses were made of all sorts of different fabrics so they all had a unique look. Mia could even make out her old yellow shirt she gave them to recycle.
Jeremy jumped around them. His blue jeans had holes where his knees were even after the girls patched it up not long ago.
"You all know what to do?", Mia asked the kids but they already made a circle around the tinder. They looked at her with big eyes. The girls held back their dresses so no sparks would damage their precious clothes.
When the sparks caught on to the tinder the children began to blow. They practice this dozens of times before. First they blew gently not to let the fire die down. With every breath the fire grew bigger and bigger and then the whole ball of tinder went up in flames. With one quick movement Mia put it inside the arranged woodpile. It made a perfect pyramide over the tinder ball. She had left nothing up to chance on this day. The fire would be perfect.





<center>* * *

The fire crackled, flames and sparks flew up into the night sky. The sun had disappeared behind the horizon and the people found themselves around the fire. Mia was so proud of it. It was twice as big as last year and she made sure there was enough wood to go all night long. They had to wait a little longer for the big fire to die down so they could cook some of their potatoes over the coals but most of them couldn't wait that long. They had lit smaller cooking fires in special stone rings around the big fire.
"These were a great idea, Mia", Big Kate said.
Mia nodded, looked around. The children were trying to position their potatoes on sticks in exactly the right angle and distance so they wouldn't burn up but cook all the way through. Big Kate, Dave and George sat around one cooking fire and laughed about some inside jokes. Some of the elders sat in another corner, clumped together. Mia never sat with them because she never knew what to talk about. They only told themselves stories about how the world was before all of this. Mia liked to talk about the past but most of the time it just made her sad. The past was over and she had to look forward. There was no turning back.
The workers had pulled out a bottle of their vodka, made from the last harvest. Mia hated that burning liquid. She hated the taste, the smell and she hated how people would change after they had a few sips to many. Some years back she stole a bottle when everybody was drunk and tried it out herself. She had to cough so hard and her throat felt like it was on fire. She never tried it again.
More of the older women came and brought with them washed and cut up potatoes, some sour cream and dried fruit. Normally they would have some other vegetable or maybe even some meat but not today. There wasn't any game left in the forests the hunters told her. Norma said, she couldn't find any fresh tracks. All animals were gone.
"That's a nice crackling fire", Blue Joe was already slurring his words.
"Thanks", Mia responded. She tried to look busy by arranging her potatoes in a different order. Not very convincing.
"You know, I heard you are having your eighteenth birthday soon, isn't that right?"
"Yeah, in five days." She tried to find something else to do or someone who could rescue her from this conversation but they were all caught up in their own fun.
"So you are almost a grown up, eh?", he sat down beside her, way too close for her comfort. His breath smelled of vodka and his face looked dirty. He didn't even bother to wash himself before the festival and the smell of old sweat flooded her nose.
Mia tried to slide slowly away from him but he didn't get the message.
"I guess so", Mia pulled her arms tight around her body. She knew she had her knife in the pocket on her right leg. It was strapped tight alltogether with some extra storage space for smaller things.
"You know, I could show you how to have some.."
"Move over, you sleezy creep!", a familiar voice said. "Get away from my niece, she deserves some other company than you."
"Everbody knows you two aren't really related, granny. So fuck off. Nobody needs your old ass anyway. We should have let you die out there if I were in charge."
Moira's was hard as stone. "Well, you aren't even a man and they let you work on the fields anyway. If it was up to me they would have cut off your dick after what you did to that poor girl. So do you want me to get into detail about it or do you leave us alone?"
Blue Joe jumped up, his fist turned white and he ran up to Moira so they were face to face. For a moment Mia expected him to hit her right there but he didn't dare to in the mids of the Harvest Day festival. He spat out onto her boots and went back to his worker friends.


<center>* * *

"Thanks grandma", Mia said. "You want to sit with me for a while?"
"Oh I wouldn't do anything else right now." She sat down beside her. "If this creep gives you any more trouble you talk to me, won't you? I will take care of that bastard." Moira's hair was coal black but her heart was pure gold. She was the grandmother of the camp even though there were five other women who were even older.
"I will. But what did you mean earlier? What did he do?"
"Oh my dear child", Moira carassed her hands. She had the faint smell of her usual perfume surrounding her like a soft cloud. Everybody in the camp wondered where her secret stash of perfume was but nobody ever found a trace of it. She hid it too well.
"You really don't need to think about these things. There is nothing going to happen to you. Especially on a day like this, we should celebrate and not worry so much."
Mia gazed into the flames. The fire was slowly burning down and the cold began to win against the warm flames.
"Do you think we can go back some day?", she asked.
"Well", Moira started, "You never know what will happen. I would tell you to trust in God but I know this won't help you, so let's say it like that. Everything will end some day. Sadly, I don't think it will be soon enough."
Something about how she said it made Mia uncomfortable.
Mia hesitated. "Moira, are you sick?" Her voice cracked as she felt tears filling up her eyes.
"Oh, don't be silly now. I am only sixty-four. My mother was over eighty before she passed away. God bless." She made a cruxifix with her hands. "So don't worry. Would you be so kind and bring me my blancet from my hut? I think I left it just outside my tent, on the drying rope. It is getting cold already and I hate eating with cold feet."
Mia nodded and stood up. She was happy to leave the campfire behind and walk into the empty camp. It needed some time for her eyes to accustome to the dark but the moon was full tonight. The watch tower's silhouette pushed in front of the moon as she walked. The kitchen tent was dark and silent but the smell of food still lingered around it. Mia smelled all the different spices they had used for this special occasion. They didn't have much, just a tiny bag of pepper, some curry and a few bags of salt was everything that was left. To get more they would need to venture far into the wild but nobody would risk their lives for some spices.
Moiras tent was right up against the wall, well it was part of the wall. She always told everybody she didn't need much and she didn't fear living so close to the fence. It made her feel more safe than live in the inner circle. The blancet was exactly where Moira told her. The light wouldn't have let her look for it inside anyway. The tent was made from a plastic plane over some pine branches. It was simple but inside there was enough space for two to three people to sit up straight. Standing wasn't possible. Mia often spent hours at night with her there, talking about everything they wanted. The only times they would argue and not go anywhere was when they fought about God. Mia couldn't believe in the God Moira belived so deeply.
What God would allow this to happen, Mia asked herself so often.
When she came back the fire had died down and the potatoes were already covered with the hot coals. It would not take long now until they were ready.
When Moira saw her she waved fanatically. "Come on Mia!", she almost shouted. Mia didn't want to run but made bigger steps.
"What is it?", she asked putting the blancet over her legs and got under it too.
"I was hoping they would do it late. I would not have been able to forgive myself if you had missed this. Just wait a moment and watch."
Mia followed her gaze and she was looking at Dave, the truck driver, coming from somewhere to the fire. He had changed his shirt. He now wore a white, neat looking shirt without any holes. It was weird to see him wear something different. Even his hair were put into the right shape. He looked really good like this.
"Can I have everybody's attention for a moment, please", he tried to shout it loud but failed miserably. The children continued running around. The old ladies laughed in their corner. The workers tried to sing something. He fumbled around with his hands, went through his hair, straightened his shirt, rubbed his face.
"Can I have your attention, please", this time his voice was clear and loud. The children stopped in their tracks, the old woman, the cooking wives, even the workers went quiet and looked at Dave.
He went through his hair. "As you all know, I have been in this community since the beginning. And I can't think of any place I want to be more than here."
Moira grabbed Mia's hand. "Now watch closely", she said.
"I love you all very much and you have a place in my heart forever. But there is one person, who I grew closer and closer over the years. So I wanted to do it today because we are all together on this day. I wanted you all as my wittnesses."
Dave turned around towards his friends, Big Kate and George, and went down on one knee. Some of the old ladies were giggling, the children were confused but Mia knew what was going to happen.
"George, will you marry me?"
A simple question, so beautiful. Mia could see how Moira's face lit up, her face became one big smile. George stood up with tears running down his face. Everybody was ready to applaud and congratulate this new born love. Mia wasn't smiling. Something above her stomach began to hurt. It was pushing inside even though there was nothing against her ripcage. She could feel the air escaping her lungs. A big sadness came over her. The waves branded against her and she tried to hold on.
"Yes, of course I will. Come here you georgous man", they kissed.
Mia couldn't take it anymore and fled the scene. Nobody really noticed and she was glad. She couldn't take it. What was this feeling? Why am I not happy for them? Her head began to spin. She walked around and found herself in front of Moira's tent. Not her own. She went inside anyway and lay down on the ground. She couldn't hold back the tears any longer, but she didn't know why she was crying at all.

<center>* * *

Mia couldn't say how long she was lying there on the floor but when Moira came her tears were dried up. The pain in her chest had subsided, but she still felt a hole where her body was.
"There you are. I looked for you all over the camp", Moira said. Her voice was soft. She sat beside Mia and brushed her hair. "I thought it would make you happy seeing them kiss and celebrate their love. We have so little love in this world left."
"I don't know what happened", was all Mia said.
"Here. I have brought us some fresh potatoes and even some creme. You should eat. You need your strenght."
Moira handed over a couple big potatoes on a wodden plate with some sour creme at the side. Moira even brought some coals from the big fire and lit a small one in front of her tent. The light and warmth was welcomed.  Now Mia saw, she even got some extra salt and pepper on her food.
"You always manage to get some extra don't you?". Mia almost laughed but it got stuck in her throat.
"There is nothing going on around here without me knowing about it. So I know all the secret places where they hide their treasures", Moira winked at her.
They ate in silence, the food was very good. Mia never had a better Harvest Day meal. The pepper and salt made everything taste like it should. Like something special. Like real food. Mia was young when it all happened but she could still remember, even if it was faint, the time when they had everything. She missed the food so much, showers, television, but mostly she missed her parents. She missed their hugs and cuddling together in their bed, wrapped in a warm blancet on a soft bed. The smell of freshly washed fabric and warmth that would reach even the inner parts of her body.
"I hoped this would be different tonight but it can't be helped now", Moira said and threw another piece of wood into the little fire. Sparks flew everywhere and it got a bit brighter.
"What do you mean? Why are you so weird tonight?", Mia was confused.
Moira pushed her plate away and sat so she could look Mia into her eyes.
"Are you happy here, Mia?"
Mia hesitated. "No", she said it softly, the truth was hard to say out loud.
"Good. That will make it easier."
"Why is that good? What is going on?", Mia put her plate away. She looked at Moira but couldn't make out anything from her face. She was never good at reading people but Moira was a master at hiding secrets. Her eyes were sunken deep into her skull but they were more alive than any other. She had wrapped her blancet around her body, made from probably hundreds of different fabrics.
"I will tell you something and you have to trust me. You can't tell anybody. Swear it."
"Okay, I swear it. Now tell me."
"The world outside this fence is not like they told you it is. The world isn't dead yet and there are many more survivers out there. But those who survived are the ones you have to be afraid of the most. They are more dangerous than the others. In the beginning we were many more but we had to make sacrifices so the community would survive. Don't you find it weird how we have no women here, except those old hags like me, little children and the wives?"
Mia's stomach began to tighten. She nodded.
"They all die. Some die when they go to get water, some die because of an illness, some just vanish. But you might have guessed it they didn't. They didn't die here. They were sold."
"But Moira that is crazy. Sold to whom and for what? We don't need money anymore."
"Oh my dear it wasn't money we were wanting to get. It was safety. We gave them a big part of our crops and our girls in exchange for safety. You don't think fourteen men are needed on a field every day and bring home a few truck loads of potatoes a season, do you now?"
"No, no. You are just trying to weird me out. This joke isn't fun."
"I wish it was a joke. But we are all guilty, me included. I knew from the beginning but I said to myself it is for the community. What is the pain and suffering of one individual againt the whole community. Until they wanted more and more and I saw girls get taken as little children. They cut me out of the council for speaking my mind."
"What council?", Mia was confused.
"It doesn't matter anymore. I have packed you some things." Moira got up, crawled behind Mia and pulled up a piece of wood. Under it was a hole she must have dug and covered with the wood. Inside she saw a backpack. A big one. Moira barely got it out of the hole.
"In there is everything you will need to survive outside these walls. I know you have the skills to do it Mia. I have seen you shoot with a bow, I saw you craft things. I know you are strong and smart. I helped the last girl too, you know."
"Which one?", Mia asked. She felt like she was repeating herself. So many questions were going through her head.
"Annabelle, the one with the red hair."
"But.. they brought back her hand. I saw it." Mia stumbled back. This can not be true, she thought.
"Yes they brought back a hand. It was all bloody and smashed together. Some of the fingers were missing and they looked a bit thick for a young girl. How would you know it was her hand?"
"This is crazy Moira. Whose hand was it then?"
"Sadly, I don't know. All I know is, Annabelle left through here." Moira crawled to the back of the tend and carefully removed one of the wodden tiles. She needed to push two of them aside but then Mia could see through to the outside. They didn't have enough material to go around the whole camp so they were glad when some of the people built their tents as part of the wall. A convenient escape route.
"You need to go soon, my dear. Today is the perfect time. The moon will give you enough light to get a head start through the forest. Go slowly and keep quiet. Follow the road until you get to a old oak tree on the right side of the road. Behind it I stashed a bike for you. Get it and drive away."
"But where should I go? I have noone out there. This is my home. This is where I belong." The last sentence left an uneasy taste inside her mouth.
"Do you really? Do you feel you belong here?"
Mia didn't answer. It never felt like home here. Everybody was living their lives beside her but she wasn't part of it. The children were too young and the others too old.
"Either way, it hurts me to say it but you have no choice. You cannot stay here or they will take you away." Moira came over to Mia and layed her hands on Mia's thigh. "You won't be alone out there. Here." She pulled out a piece of paper. "This is a map. You will see in the morning when you have sunlight what I mean. It will guide you the way to someone who can help you. His name is Eran. He will help you, I promise. You will see three hills. Get to the top of the highest and wait there for him. He comes by there every other day, you'll see. And don't trust anybody else. There is some strange folk going around there." Moira rolled up her beloved blancet and secured it on the backpack. "So you don't get cold at night."
Mia saw Moira's face change for the first time. A deep sadness had come over her.
Mia hugged her tight because she didn't know what else to do but she couldn't bear to look at Moira's face like this.
"I put in lots of food for you. Potatoes, dried fruits, even some fresh apples."
"Thank you Moira." Mia didn't know what to say. So she hugged her again in this awkward crawling pose and squeezed through the whole in the wall.
And then she was out of the camp, free to go where ever she wanted. The thing was, she didn't want to go anywhere. It may not have been the home she wanted it to be but she lived their half her life. She turned around one last time and caught a glimmer of light before Moira covered up the whole and she went into the wild.



[PB]






<center>*Richard's mission*



"Scaaaaaaaaar!", he knocked against the door, again and again. "Scaaaaaaaaar, come on. We are late again. I will not get into trouble because of you again!"
The door swung open and Scarlett's mother appeared with a wodden spoon in her hand. "I am so sorry, Richard. She is almost ready." Scarlett's mother was dressed like always in an apron. She was the best cook in the whole colony and her noddle soup brought people from all over to her house. She wore her black hair in a tight pony-tail and she never wore any shoes. They looked hard and had a thick layer of callus, but they were clean.
Behind her Richard heard someone run down the stairs. Thump, thump, thump, thump.
Scarlett's long black hair waved behind her as she ran towards the door. She gave her mother a quick kiss on the cheek, grabbed Richard's arm and pulled him away.
"Bye, mum", she shouted over her shoulder. "You know it was a dick move of you shouting so everybody in the whole colony could hear you." She smiled and let go of his arm.
"Dick move, I get it." Richard gave her a fake laugh and rolled his eyes. The part of his arm where she touched him was still warm.
"The bells will ring really soon and we will be late again, Scar. Mrs. Skinner will skin us alive if we are late one more time."
"Ah, Mrs. Skinner will skin us, eh? I like it." Her laugh was clear and beautiful. "Maybe we should run then. I bet you I will be first."
"You are always first, that's not fair."
But Scarlett had already started running. Her hair made black waves in the air, her skirt rose up a bit when she ran so it exposed more of her long legs. Richard tried to catch up to her.


<center>* * *

Scarlett was waiting at the entrance when Richard finally caught up to her. He was out of breath and needed to rest for a bit while she didn't even seem to sweat a little. She breathed softly through her tiny nose while Richard was heaving like a dying cow. He swiped some sweat pearls of his fore head.
"You seem to be in top form, Dick. That was only one kilometre or so and look at you. Per-fec-tion", Scarlett said.
"Yeah, but going up a hill it's more like five kilometres." He stopped to catch his breath. "Don't worry. I will not fail our next physical. I have still time to practice." If he was totally honest he was afraid of the physical in two weeks. Every half year the school would test the physical strenght and condition of every student. If someone failed more than once they kick them out and they have to work on the fields. Richard already failed once and had problems catching up. But he managed to squeeze through year after year. Almost every year he was at the very bottom of the list. Scarlett was, of course, at the top.
The school bell rang as they opened the classroom door. Mrs. Skinner gave them her look but didn't mention it. The curriculum in school change severly with the changing conditions in the world. Richard barely knew how life was before the attacks but his mother often told him stories about the past. Now they learned all sorts of surivival things in school. How to light a fire with no tools, which plants are edible, which are poisoneous. They learned about how to find shelter, how to calculate nutrition intake, water, sleep. Fighting skills were also one of the prime subjects in school. Mrs. Skinner was a survival expert and today's lesson was about edible berries and how to spot them easily in the wild.
Richard and Scarlett were sharing one table together. The class room had fourteen more tables, but only nine were being used. Eight other pairs and one with a single student, Zoey.
Scarlett poked him on his right arm. "Look", she whispered and pointed towards Zoey. "The dog is still here. I don't understand why they don't get rid of her. She smells."
Zoey did smell like a dog, most of the time. She lost her parents and lived in the streets. She was getting food and water from the school, but only as long as she was delivering. Her head was bold and she usually slept with the street dogs to keep her warm at night. Richard asked her once why she had no hair and she told him they were a pain to keep clean so she cut them off.
"You are staring at her boobs again, aren't you?"
Richard's face wen red. Once he saw himself in a mirror when he was getting red and noticed his ears were this deep, dark red color. He hated it.
"Scarlett! Richard!, Eyes in front." The teacher's voice cut through the air. Every other teacher would have sent them to the principal's office but Mrs. Skinner was nice enough to let a lot of things slide.


<center>* * *

After the bell rang and they left for lunch break, Richard and Scarlett took the food from the cafeteria and walked up to the roof. Today they got fresh bread with pumpkin soup which was a hassle to go up the stairs with. Scar opened the door with her elbow, balancing her tray masterfully. The wind blew soft around their faces when they stepped out of the building. The sun fought with the clouds but couldn't get through.
"No fucking way", Scarlett said. "What are you doing here?" She almost spat out the word you.
"Find your own place to eat and leave me alone", Zoey didn't even looked up from her food. She was looking out over the colony to the forest in the east.
"Come on. Let's find another place", Richard said. He didn't want any fight.
As they turned around and walked away Scarlett said just loud enough, "She is lucky her skin is so dark. You can't see all the dirt."
"Why are you always so mean to her? Why don't you cut her some slack?", Richard asked her when they sat down. Over the years her dislike became hate but he never figured out why.
"I just don't like her that's all. What do you care?", she gave him the cold shoulder. Maybe she is jealous of her breasts, Richard thought, her's are so much smaller.
After a while Scarlett said, "What will you do after we finish school? I mean, do you want to work for the family your whole life? Have you ever thought about.. leaving?"
She was staring over the colony, fixed on something Richard couldn't see.
"Leave the colonoy?", Richard was genuinely surprised. "Why would I want to do it? We have plenty of food that tastes rather good. We have houses, work, safety. There is nothing outside these walls but death and ruins. And the family isn't that bad. Sure, we have to work for them but look at what they built." He looked around. Hundreds of houses surrounded the hill. They were on one of the upper circles where the school and hospital was. Further up on the very top was the villa. It was a restricted area, guarded by graduates.
"What they built?", Scar's eyes flashed, she clenched her fist so tight it became white and it looked like she wanted to use her spoon as a weapon. "They did nothing. We built this. This is all ours. Not their's." She was standing now, towering over the shrunken boy he was. As she shouted spit flew from her mouth. "You understand absolutely nothing. How can you be so blind?"
She left him. He saw  her run across the roof and then she was gone. Even Zoey had overheard her outbreak and looked puzzled over to Richard. His hands were shaking as he collected the spoon Scarlett threw on the ground and brought their trays back into the cafeteria. He wanted to look for her and apologize even though he didn't knew what he said.
The Trant family had the commando over the colony since the beginning. They gave him and his parents shelter and food. They gave his father work and his mother and him a house which felt almost like a real home. Strict laws and regulation were in place to ensure a harmonic and civilized enviroment. He knew they were sometimes quite harsh when it comes to someone breaking the law but in these circumstances they needed to be strong or the ouside would swallow them.
He couldn't find her anywhere but when he entered the classroom she was sitting alone in the back. Their usual desk was empty so Richard sat down alone. Scarlett didn't look at him, she kept playing with her hair.
The lesson dragged on forever. Time felt stiff. When ever the teacher didn't look, Richard tried a quick gaze towards Scar but she was never noticed him. He felt a knot in his stomach. Even after the class ended she didn't speak to him but rushed out of the room and went straight home. Leaving him behind with his own thoughts.

<center>* * *

A cold hand on his mouth ripped him out of his sleep. He wanted to scream but the hand didn't permit any sounds. He couldn't see anything, it was still night.
"Shhhhh." A male voice. Then a click and white light flodded his room. He needed a few seconds for his eyes to accustome to the change in brightness. He saw General Harper's face. Richard nodded. The hand gave him free. With a quick hand signal the General signalled him to follow his lead. Richard knew. He put on his clothes as quickly as possible and followed him out of the house. Outside Richard heard him whisper,"Northern gate." Then he vanished into the night.
It was hard finding the way in total darkness. The moon was little help, it was shrouded by clouds. The faint silver light was barely enough for a cat to see. On the fence they had light looking out from the camp. Richard orientated himself towards these lights, he knew he would need to leave the colony tonight. He never once set foot ouside this fence after he arrived with his parents years ago.
A green truck was waiting at the northern gate. In front he saw his classmates standing still in two rows. Scarlett was in the first row, Richard got sent to the second. Zoey's bald head shined in the light. He stood still, in line waiting for further orders. He could feel the tension in the air. He was preparing for this but never thought it would come so soon. For the final exam every class was deployed in different mission. They were assigned a squad and had to go out into the wilderness, complete a mission and survive the journey home. Only those who survive this final test would be part of the military forces.
But he didn't thought they would deploy tonight. Richard expected to have atleast a month more time to train and practice his skills. There was no backing out now. I can do this, he repeated inside his head, I know I can. I will show everybody that I am not the next one to fail the class so close to the finish line.
Some came running from behind but Richard wasn't allowed to turn around. They stopped beside him and General Harper walked in front of the class.
After a quick salute he gave the instructions clear and simple, "This is your final exam and will determine if you advance to the higher ranks or end up on the fields. Everybody will be handed a backpack." On of the soldiers held up a black backpack. "You will find survival tool, like a knife and fire steel, as well as weapons, rations and a water bottle. It is not enough to survive until you get back here, keep that in mind. You will need to find other sources of food on your own. This year we decided not to give you any special clothing. Be ressourceful with what you have." The General went up and down the row, giving his instructions just loud enough so Richard could hear. "On the back of every backpack is a letter which represents your squad. Mission details are inside the backpack. As with every year I will provide you with an extra challenge. You will gain points for every kill. To verify your kills, you will have to detach the upper incisors from the body. Who's squad get's the most teeth and makes it back here will be granted a special position within the forces. If you are not able to compete your assign mission, don't bother to come back. May the best win."
With that he turned to the side and left Richard and the others behind. The backpacks were handed out. On the back of his Richard saw a red D sewn into the fabric. Dick was put into Squad D, how ironic, he though. Scar would laugh about it all day if it wasn't so serious. He hoped she got into squad D too.
They hoped onto the load area in pairs, sitting down with their backs against the outside. With their backbacks in front of everybody he could see their letters easily. The gate opened and the truck drove out into the wild. Richard had made out two of his squadmates before it was too dark to see. He saw Zoey's pack with a red D on it and to his surprise Scarlett's too. Their fourth member must be someone sitting somewhere next to him.
The truck flew through the night. Richard couldn't see outside, the roof was blocking his view of the night sky. It has been years ago when he last set foot into a vehicle. They didn't allow normal citizens to use any of the trucks or cars. Gas was scarse and very expensive. Even the workers on the fields are not allowed to use any maschinery if it isn't absolutely necessary. The men had to plow the ground by hand or with the few animals they had left. Only the military forces used vehicles and sometimes even planes for their missions. Once Richard saw the Trant family use a plane to fly to a convention of most of the leading families in the world. He could hear the roaring rotor for ever until the little dot disappeared in the distance.
The truck stopped. "Squad A. This is your starting point. Find shelter and read your Mission instructions in the morning." The truck driver shouted through a small window into the back. Four of Richard's class mates got up and silently left the truck, hopped down at the end and the truck drove away.
Rchard pressed his backpack tight against his chest. Sweat began to form on his forehead.




[PB]






<center>*On the mission, Richard*



Richard didn't sleep at all after the truck dropped them off. While squad A was dropped of rather near the colony, his squad wasn't so lucky. In these parts lots of others were still roaming free. Only near the guarded fence men were hunting for the others so they wouldn't bother them.
The sun rose slowly and pitch black slowly faded into a grew and then into a warm yellow. It was beautiful watching the sunrise from his tree. They decided to camp in the trees for the remaining hours of this night. On the ground without a decent shelter or a fire it was too dangerous. The General didn't give them any camouflage clothes or sturdy ones. He wore his normal white shirt, a blue jeans and a black hoody overtop. Scarlett wasn't so lucky. She must have layed down her school uniform to wear it the next day and had no time to change it to something more suited in the wild. Her short skirt wasn't practical at all out here.
Their forth member was Dimitri. He was most of the time in the middle of the standings. Good physical points but he was a mediocre shooter. It seemed to Richard they put students from every skill level together into a squad to achieve highest results. They didn't set them up for failure but to see how they would work together. He already felt like dead weight to them. Richard didn't want to slow them down or be the one that had to be rescued all the time.
Squad D crawled down from their hiding places to meet and discuss the mission. Richard had cut himself on a tree branch in the night. They didn't have any light so it was difficult to make out any branches sticking out. One of those tiny stumps cut him on his forearm. He made a quick bandage out of a piece of his shirt. In the light he saw it was more bloody than he thought. He must clean the wound and bandage it the right way as fast as possible. But first, the mission.
"Well, that was comfortable", Dimitri's voice cut through the silence. During the night Richard heard absolutely nothing except the wind blowing through the leaves. No animals, nothing. With the first light a few birds dared to sing their songs. It was too quiet.
"Let's see what our mission is and don't waste any time." Scarlett was already going through her pack. The others followed her lead.
"It seems to me I got the map and compass", Zoey said.
"Great", Scarlett responded. This is going wrong already, Richard thought. These two were a powder keg ready to explode and endanger the whole Squad.
In his bag, Richard found a med kit, bandages, some desinfectant and a few dosis of arclarin. Thinking of his wound this was perfect.
"Oh, ehm nurse? Could you help me with something? I think I am hurt."
"Haha. Cut it out Scar." She was right. He was the squad nurse now.
"We need to secure drinking water first and find a place to boil it. They only gave us a sip of water and I think we all drank it during the night. So let's get moving", Scarlett said.
"Who made you the leader of our squad?", Zoey countered.
"Okay guys", Richard tried, "Let's focus on one thing after the other and don't fight. We enough fighting ahead of us."
"Richard is right. No more fighting", Dimitri added. "Let's find some water. Zoey, is there any mention of water on the map?"
Zoey unraveled the paper. The point where they were dropped off was marked with a big red dot. While she was looking through the map the others prepared themselves.
Scar put on a black leather harness to fix her small sword on the back. She also got a belt of throwing knives and a normal surivival army knife. The harness pushed her breast up slightly so they looked bigger. Richard looked away, he needed to concentrate on his gear.
Besides the medical utensils they gave him some arrow heads made from old tin cans, a bowstring and carbon bow limbs he could assemble and disassemble in under a minute, some feathers as well as some basic cooking gear. No guns, he even needed to make the arrows himself before he could use his bow. You are dead weight, he thought. On the side dangled a small axe for splitting fire wood. Maybe this would make a good weapon. Holding it in his hand he did a few swipes. It felt heavy in his hand, perfect for splitting some heads.
Dimitry was standing upright with a rifle over his torso and a handgun on his side. Both had silencers on them. The loud noises of rifles would attract to many unwanted guests. Even the silencer wouldn't elimate the sounds completely but at least it wouldn't be heard all over the forest. Richard felt naked besides him.
"Hey Dimitri, could you give me your pistol? I can't use my bow before we haven't set up a camp yet", Richard asked.
He looked him up and down. "Don't worry, you won't need a weapon. Just get behind me and do your job, nurse." He turned around. "How far are with the, Map-Reader?"
"Just give the boy a gun he thinks he is the boss of us all", Scarlett said. She had to put her weapons and harness away so she can carry her backpack. The knife belt was secured around one shoulder nad her waist now.
"I think it is important to have a squad leader and I am capable. You two girls can't be leaders. I don't want any more of this chick fighting. So I will take the lead. Don't worry we will see this mission through and we can all go home."
He didn't even mention Richard. He wasn't a contender for leader. And nobody said a word about. They all knew it. He was at the bottom of the list. Even his friend Scarlett didn't utter a word. Dead weight, dead weight.
"We have go north-east for about one kilometre. We can rest at a creak, Richard needs to clean his wound and we will fill our bottles there, and then make our way to the first campsite. We need to get there way before sundown. A fire at night is too dangerous but we need to make food Richard needs to make some arrows", said Zoey. She was the saboteur. She had two packets of C4 and ranged detonators.
"You guys? What's the mission anyway?", Scarlett asked into the round They didn't know. Richard looked through his pack again but no sight of an envelope or anything else. The others looked confused too.
"Oh right", Scarlett pulled out white envelope from her pack. "I got the details. Silly me."
"Cut the bullshit and open it", Zoey sounded agitated.
"I already read it, stupid. We need to clear a small village, make some pictures of the surrounding from the church tower and then infiltrate a camp to sabotage their water towers. Simple as fuck. I don't know why we have to be four to do this. Three would have been enough." She glanced over to Zoey.
"Then let's get going and don't waste any time", Dimitri said. "I go first, then the map reader. Nurse in the middle and Scarlett at the end."
"Wait", Richard almost shouted. "They want us to sabotage another camp of humans? Why? We will kill them all if they don't have a good water supply."
Richard was confused nobody even bat an eye about this. He though the missions were all scouting, killing some of the others, suriving in the wild. The most important job of the military was to ensure the safety of their colony. Killing other humans was only part of it if they were under immediate danger.
"You don't know, Dick. Maybe they are planning and attack on our colony. Maybe they are threatening our food supply. I don't know. The mission is clear and we will fulfill it." Richard saw she was still angry with him. But still, she was right. He couldn't know the full truth. It will all clear up when we get there, he thought. He wouldn't kill any innocent people.



[PB]






<center>*Going through the town*



Squad D had stashed their backpacks high up in sturdy oak trees. The leaves and branches acted as a natural cover for their belongings. It would not be practical for long now because autumn was coming. The leaves were already changing colour and a few turned into a soft yellow. Then they grouped on a vantage point to oversee the small town in front of them. Zoey held a hand against her forehead. Dimitri checked his guns, counted his magazines.
The town must have been inhabited by around a thousand people before it all started. No signs of other humans, no signs of anything. Not a single pillar of smoke rose up anywhere. The buildings were, for the most part, completely intact. They had been watching for an hour now, listening for any sounds but nothing had changed. A few birds were chriping and the wind blew soflty around the leaves. Nothing else.
Scarlett had put on her harness with her sword, Zoey and Richard had made long spears from wood and hardened them over the fire. His was made from a ash tree and Zoey made her's from a chestnut. They were sturdy but nothing compared to the guns and sword of the other two members. Richard had put together all the useful medical utensils for this part of the mission. Bandages, arclarin for emergencys as well as some water, food and the camera. His trusty axe hang from his belt. You are dead weight, dead weight.
"I think we should go in. Waiting here won't bring us any further", said Dimitri. Richard had grown to dislike him quite a bit. In the last three days they walked through the forest him and Scar had become more and more familiar. Too familiar for his liking. Scar had said, she will forget everything about that day and everything was fine but they didn't spent much time together. While she was hanging out with Dimitri, talking about the mission and other things he was stuck with Zoey.
"Let's go guys", Scarlett jumped up and descended down the hill.
They were constantly scanning their surroundings. Richard and Zoey were on either side while Scarlett lead them and Dimitri concluded their formation. Nothing would move without them noticing in full circle around them. The houses were worn down, overgrown with vegetation. They saw old cars with broken windows, cars which crashed into each other and even some bones here and there. Human bones.
"I think we have got some company", said Scarlett over her shoulder. "I will rush in, cover my back."
She pulled out her sword. Richard saw six of them coming out from a garage on the right. Their skin was bruised and heavily scarred. In school they learned, the first stadium of the virus made them want to pull off their own skin. That's why so many of them had scars from their own scratches all over their body. Saliva was dripping from their mouths. They looked like they hadn't eaten in days. The bones were defined and they had problems running.
Richard and Zoey had to give their all to not fall behind too far. Scarlett was rushing into them like a lighting. She dodged under the attack of the first one and cut him at the knee. He fell down to the ground unable to use his leg anymore. Richard killed him with a single thrust of his spear to the heart. Pitch black blood splatter over the body and when he pulled out his spear, drops of blood drip to the ground.
Scarlett danced through them, cutting them with every movement. She never only dodged their attacks, she always was dealing some in return. In moments she killed four and let two for Zoey and Richard to give them the last hit. Her white shirt was sprinkled with black dots of their blood. She cleaned her blade with one of the dead's clothes and put it on her back again.
"That looked so hot", Dimitri said when he catched up to them. Scarlett grabbed one of the corpses by the hair and punched their upper incissors out with the handle of her knive. With two strong punched she got the first two. With a triumphant gesture she held them up high. They almost had no more ressemblents with human teeth. They turned completely black. Zoey was working on another one and even Dimitri joined in now.
The corpse closest to Richard was a woman once. Her hair was coal black and her skin so dirty it looked more like fur than actual skin. The smell was disgusting. A mixtur of fecies, mud and raw meat. As he grabbed its hair he pulled out his hatchet.
She opened her eyes. Completely black eyes looking at him. He jumped away giving off a shrill, anxious shout.
He earned a wave of laughter from his comrades.
"Did you forget about the reflexes, Dick?", asked Scarlett with a smug smile on her face.
"It just suprised me, that's all", he answered. Dimitri's face said it all. He was beneath them. You are dead weight, dead weight. He got up, grabbed the hair with one hand and hit the woman with the back of his hatchet. The teeth rolled over the floor. He had to pick out the incissors from the rest, he almsot knocked them all out.
"I see the church over there." He pointed into the distance, a few hundred metres from where they stood, the bell tower of the church rose up over the town. It had a red roof with white tower walls. The white was yellowing and the roof lost many of its tiles. Richard stood up, put the teetch in one of his side pockets and went over to the others.
"Let's hope we get some more fun over there", Scarlett said. She and Dimitri pressed on. Zoey and Richard had to follow them. He wished he could change places with Dimitri and walk with Scar, talk and joke with her. Now he was stuck with Zoey. In the wild there weren't many things to do after the sun set. Scar and Dimitri were spending the nights talking and flirting with each other, making it clear there was a seperation between them and him. So he was forced to spend his time with Zoey. It wasn't bad at all. She was not only smart and funny, but also highly skilled. She could start a fire in an instant, knew all the bushes, trees and insects by name.
"Come on, Legolas. The great captains have spoken." Zoey had given him the name Legolas after he had tested his bow and hand crafted arrows. They had to make a fire so Richard could bend his arrow shafst into the right shape. In total he made twelve arrows, eight arrowheads were still stashed away at the bottom of his bag. He was a good shot, better than with any guns. Maybe the General knew his strenght and gave him exactly what he needed to succeed on this mission. Sadly he left the bow and arrows behind. Dimitri was under the impression they didn't need it and it would just slow them down. After all, he had a gun that could shoot more precisely and further than he could ever.
Richard looked around. "Let's move quickly. I don't like this place."
"Are you scared?" Zoey laughed. Her white teeth popped out from the rest.
Only a fool would not be scared, Richard thought.



[PB]






<center>*Mia with bike in the wild*



This feeling was exhilarating. The wind blew against her face, the trees and fields rushed towards her and then she was past them. Faster and faster she drove the huge highway along. The sun shone warm and soft on her skin. The feeling of speed and freedom, yes that's what she felt. Mia felt free in this moment. For years she wasn't allowed to leave the camp, except to go down to the river and get some water or wash clothes. She has escaped her cage and could finally feel what it meant to be free.
The map, Moira gave her, showed a vast range around the camp. She needed to traverse some distance before she could meet this guy Eran, Moira told her about. In the night of the escape she had found the bike behind an old oak tree, hidden under leaves and branches. It was a sturdy bike, nothing fancy but good enough to go around twenty-five kilometres an hour.
Mia wanted to shout and scream but she was too afraid of someone hearing her. So her face became a painting of joy, a wide smile and shining eyes. The feeling of speed and freedom let her forget that she was alone now. On her own with no home to go to.
At midday she found a nice, shaded place to have a lunch break. According to the map she would need to go for about three more hours until she would need to go by foot into the forest. Under a couple of fir trees she sat down on the soft mossy ground and went through her ration. As she was driving down the road, she was looking out for anything edible around her. But no luck so far. The street had some holes in it where nature has claimed some ground back.
A faint roaring sound came from far away down the street. Mia didn't know if she wanted to be seen by them or not. Maybe they could help her out, maybe she could even tag along with them. In the end she decided not to engage with them but play it safe. She hid behind a shallow hill, lay down on her stomach and waited.
The sound got louder and louder until finally she could see two cars moving along the street. They were going at an incredible speed and it looked to Mia like they were racing each other. She only got a glimpse of them rushing by but she knew these people weren't friendly at all. They had flags with various uninviting symbols on them waving in the wind. The sounds of music blarted through the air.
Mia crawled up from her hiding place and rubbed her clothes clean from green moss, dirt and grass. She pulled her bike out of the thickets and got back onto the road. The sun shone bright and warmed her face but the wind was cold and went underneath her clothes into her bones. Mia's nose began to run and she put a scarf around her face, which left only her eyes exposed.
After a while the sounds of motors came back. This time she heard them behind her.. Quickly she left the street again, hid behind a few fir trees and ducked down onto the ground. The cars rushed by like the last time, only the music was different this time. She saw the cars better this time. Both were similar to the blancet Moira gave to Mia before she left. They were put together from different car parts which didn't match at all. Both were pickup trucks with people on the loading area, screaming and hitting the car with their fist to fire up the driver. Then they disappeared behind the next turn.
The sun had wandered near to the horizon when Mia finally arrived at the bridge. It span over a river, almost sixty metres over the water surface. She stopped and looked down, it made her bit nasseaus but excited too. Even the tallest tower in her camp wasn't nearly as high as this bridge. The water calmy flowed down its path under her. She even saw for the first time, some animals. A few ducks here and there.
Mia pulled out her map. It must be the river drawn onto the map which she needed to follow up stream. Her bike would only slow her down from now on so she parked it safely under some trees, covered it up just like Moira did and marked it on her map. She used a small drop of pine resin with dirt to mark the point. She let it dry for a bit and rolled it back up. Tomorrow she needed to find the cave where Eran lived. It would be a long march but there was no turning back for her anymore.


<center>* * *

So far out from the camp the night wasn't as peaceful as before. She heard many sounds in the night and didn't dare to light a fire to keep her warm at night. She was too afraid to sleep so she kept awake as long as her body let her. Finally she drifted off into a soft slumber.
Her fathers were cooking in the kitchen, it was a beautiful morning. They made pancakes for her. When she grabbed the syrup to pour over her pancakes a black thick liquid came out of. She realized she wasn't sqeezing a bottle but a human hand cut off by the wrist.
Mia rose up from her bed of moss. She breathed heavily. A branch broke in the distance. Then another one. Mia began to sweat. She put her blancet as silently as possible into her backpack, shoulder the pack and get up. Exactly for this reason Mia slept here. She had put a smaller fallen tree up against a big beech tree so she could use it as a ladder. In the dark is was hard to find it again. She had to crawl on all fours on on the ground. Sharp stones cut into her hands, lying branches grazed against her face. Finally she felt the ladder. It was shaky but sturdy enough to ger he up the tree. Once she was in the beech tree, she kicked the ladder to let it fall to the ground.
Thump. Thump. Mia tried to climb further up but she couldn't. She couldn't see anything, not even her own hands. The risk of falling down was too high so she cowarded on the branch tight against the trunk of the tree.
Below her she could here something coming towards her. All around she heard leaves rustle. They have noticed me, Mia though. I am trapped.
Something jumped up the tree and tried to climb to her branch. Mia's hearth pumped so hard she could feel the vibration in her whole body. She held her breath, put a hand over her mouth. Again, it jumped up. A few more times then it gave up and went back into the thickets of the forest. Mia didn't dare to breathe, she sat there on her little branch. The night never ended.

<center>* * *

Mia's eyes burned, her legs felt stiff and not at all attached to her body. Her throat was dry and raspy and she was shivering from the cold. After the sun had come up and lifted the black veil, she saw four creatures walking around underneath her. They had tried to come up the tree multiple times during the night but never succeded. Now they were getting restless.
The sun had gone up over the trees and the weak sunlight on Mia's body felt warm and welcoming. Even with the leaves a few rays were enough to lift her spirits again. One of the creatures had taken up a branch from the ground and started hammering against Mia's tree. The trunk didn't moved a bit, it was thick and too heavy. After a few punches the branch broke into pieces and the creatures groaned and hit with their fists against the trees. One of them, she looked like a female to Mia, gave the others sign and they went off into the forest again.
Even after an hour of watching her surroundings and listening to every sound around her, Mia was unable to jump down from her safe place. She didn't know if they were really gone or if they only hid behind bushes and trees for an ambush. She was terrified. Mia had no weapon, she didn't think so close to the camp any of these creatures survived. The hunters had made great progress in defending the area around their camp. For years they came back with numerous dead bodies to their names. They even bet on the hunters who would kill the most. Mia even won once and got an extra ration for a week.
The memory of her home made her sad. It was not fair that she needed to leave it all behind. What if Moira was lying to her and had lead her into a trap. Maybe she was the one who sold her out. Nothing made any sense to Mia so she just had to try and find Eran and with him some answers to these riddles.
The first thing Mia did was finding a spot to pee. The whole night and the morning she was holding it in. It felt better than a salted hot potatoe with sour cream. Mia needed a weapon. Next time she may not have the choice of climbing up into a tree and hide forever. She needed something to defend herself in case she ran into them again. Something made her curious. In the camp, everybody told her the Black Eyes, as Moira named them, were primitive like animals. They couldn't use any weapons or tools, that's why they were easy to hunt when you are prepared. But last night, Mia was sure one of them used a branch to get her down from the tree.
Mia looked around, traversing the forest, fighting her way through thorn bushes and fallen trees, to find a suitable sapling. It had to be thick and sturdy enough to put some force into her attacks but also not too heavy. Mia never was the skinny girl, not before the world changed not after. At first, the rations in the camp were small and they had to go to bed hungry more often than not. Mia didn't lose weight, she gained strenght. Carrying water from the river back to the back, sorting through the potaotes, building huts and tents, digging graves or underground storage spaces. She was always in the midst of it, helping out where ever she could.
It had given her a strong upper body, with strong arms and legs. She only lacked endurance. Going by bike had made her build up a sweat like nothing else before. Her thighs were burning everytime she stopped for a break. Now she was in her element. She found a few saplings near the river. With the small hatched she cut down one of them, cut off the top and weighed it in her hands. Good enough for now, she thought. The staff was bigger than Mia, almost a full arm lenght longer. But the reach was important to keep the nasty beast at a safe distance. She could not afford to get to close to them.

<center>* * *

Going through the forest was slow and tedious. Branches were scratching Mias face, fallen trees, bushes and dead material was blocking the way and she couldn't always find a way through but had to change direction and go around it. So she decided it would be better to stay near the river. By the water the trees were more scarse and the ground was only covered by grass which reached up to Mia's waist.
The water rushed through the land, it was a welcome sound for Mia. The forest was quiet and the air kind of thick. Everything seemed to pressed down onto her, like the air was heavier than normal. The only sound Mia heard in there was her own heart pounding in her chest and the leaves rustle under her feet. Branches broke under her boots. The moss and other plants dampened her footsteps. The silence was even worse than hearing a sound in the distance. It made her anxious, sometimes she turned around without any reason because her head was playing tricks on her. She kept seeing things that weren't there. Shadows in the distance hiding between the trees.
Here, near her new blue friend the land was merry and peaceful. Sometimes she heard a bird sing a few tones and then vanish again. But the sound of the flowing water kept her ears busy and mind at peace. And Mia was getting faster towards the red cross on her map. Going by the water was a little off track but she decided to change her course as late as possible. The water was her friend.
The exact point where Mia had to switch directions was easy to find. Another, smaller river merged with Mia's new blue friend. Here she went straight west towards the fading sun. When she got back into the forest the evening sun wasn't enough to penetrate the leaves and branches. Mia decided to stop and camp near the water for tonight. Near the river the trees were smaller so she needed to go into the forest for some bigger trees. She didn't dare to sleep on the ground.
After a light meal she climbed up into her bedroom for this night. The branch she rested on was thick but stiff and uncomfortable. She got out some rope and wrapped it around herself and the tree so she wouldn't fall of in the night. Her staff leaned against the tree and Mia's pack hang from another branch high up in the air so no thieves could reach it in the night.
Her eyes wouldn't stay closed even after the sun had left for hours. She was sitting in her tree, waiting for sleep to finally set in. Even after staying up the whole night before, Mia had problems falling asleep.



[PB]






<center>*The zombie bordell*



The helicopter landed on the roof of an old hospital complex. The grey walls were trist and worn down. A few highlights must have been yellow but now they didn't seem any different from the rest of the concrete. Marc saw the windows were switched out for something solid. There was no way to look into the building.
"This is it, son. Here you will become a real man and forget all that nonsense. Some nice pussy will fix you right up", Marc's father shouted over the loud noise of the helicopter. He was dressed in a fitted black suit with a red shirt underneath. He always wore it open otherwise his fat belly would rip the fabric. Even like this he had to be careful with his arms to not destroy his expensive clothes.
Marc wanted to wear his usual hoody and jeans but his father insisted on a suit. The suit was made for his older brother so it didn't fit him at all. The shoulder's were to wide and the sleeves too short. But there was no fighting his father. After the death of his older brother he shifted all of his efforts towards Marc. He couldn't live up to the expectations his father put into him. Even if he tried his hardest, he just wasn't Derek.
Marc nodded. He was tired of telling him he wasn't interested in this. That he had someone waiting for him at home. It wasn't what his father wanted. "None of my children will do it with a worker. We will find you someone more suitable for your position." Fuck my position, he thought.
After the landing they were greeted by tall and slender man. He was about forty years old and had a freshly shaved face.
"Steve", he said embracing him with open arms. "It has been too long my friend."
"Indeed it has", Steve said. "Business is difficult."
"Isn't it always?", the man asked. They both laughed and Marc's father started coughing. He had smoked too many cigarres as Marc had told him often enough as a child. He had stopped by now but not because he wanted to but because there were no more cigarres to find.
"Where are my manner? This is my son, Marc. He is here for the first time."
Marc shook hands with the man. A strong but also soft hand shake. Marc's own hand felt sweaty. The man had something uncomfortable about him but Marc couldn't put his finger around it.
"Welcome Marc. My name is Edrick", the man said. "Welcome to the Second Circle of Hell where all your fantasies will come true."
Steven whispered something into Edricks ear, he nodded at him and smiled again at Marc. "Follow me. Your rooms have been prepared."
Father and son followed Edrick into the building. They took the stairs down, the elevator was out of order. Electric light ilumiated the stairway.
"How do you get electricity in here?", Marc asked.
"Well it is hard in these times to get some power going. You might have seen some of our solar panels at the roof which produce energy for the building."
"I doubt these few panels would be sufficient for a building this big."
"Steven, you have a smart son", Edrick said. "But some secrets are better not revealed. After all, this is a business like anybody else's too."


<center>* * *

Inside the main lobby it didn't look like a hospital anymore but more like a hotel. A reception was located in the middle of the room, a circle shaped table with two women inside the circle. Inside the table was also a column which had all the keys on it. It must have been hundreds of keys. The women were dressed in simple clothes, white and black like most of the interior.
Marc could see some security guards with guns on their belt.
"Why do you need security in here?", Marc asked.
"Well", Edrick began, "even in the best establishments accidents happen. To keep it all under control and minimise the risk we have our own security. Don't worry, they are here for your protection and safety. We brace ourselves with a hundred percent customer satisfaction rate and also no major accidents since we began our business here.
If you follow me now, I prepared the rooms for you. Amanda, can you get me the keys ninety-eight and twelve, please."
"You remembered my room number?", Steven asked. He didn't look surprised at all.
"Of course, my friend. It has all been set up for your liking. Marc, as this is your first time here we have to go over some house rules."
"I will leave you to it then", Steven said. "Son, lighten up. This will finally make you a real man. Just get in there and do what you gotta do." He hit Marc back and left for the stairway. A security guard opened the door for him, then he was gone.
"So, your father paid for an A class for two hours. You can lock the door if you want to but after two hours we will come in and remove you if you don't go on your own. Our rules are strict, that's part of our high rates." He smiled.
"You are not allowed to inflict any serious physical injuries. Only soft bruises that heal quickly, understood?"
"Y..Yes." Marc was confused. He thought he was here to have sex with a woman but this sounded very different than he had expected.
"You do not enter any other rooms than your own. Is that clear?"
"Yes, of course."
Edrick smiled again. He had this fake smile on his face, with bright white teeth. Everything about him felt fake.
"You will find your room in the next floor down. Have fun and call me if you want anything else. Maybe something more.. extreme."
He handed Marc the key for room ninety-eight and went back up to the helicopter pad. As Marc went up to the stairway, the door swung open and a man came into the lobby. He had problems with walking straight, swaying more and more to the left as he walked past Marc. He smelled of alcohol and smoke. And something else. Something very sweat and metallic.
The stairway was lit with a white light. The grey walls weren't fancy. He entered the next floor, where the rooms from ninety up to ninety-nine were.
The old hospital floor was covered up with carpets. The light was more soft and warm here, it almost felt like candle light. He went by the first room, he heard nothing from inside. Especially for a house of lust as Edrick named it, it was almost completely silent. No moaning, no clapping, no sqeaking or squealing. Nothing.
Room number ninety-eight. You don't have to do anything in there, Marc said to himself. Nothing what happens in there will leave this room. He will not know that I didn't do anything. I will say I did and maybe she can give me some details for a believable story but that's it. I have someone special. Remember the face.
With a deep breath in and a deep breath out he entered the room.

<center>* * *

It was dark and dingy inside the room. A small light on the ceiling gave off a red glimmer, for Marc it made the room look more scary than erotic. A huge bed was set up against the wall oposing to the door. It had white sheets and numerous pillows. A woman sat on the edge of the bed, looking at Marc with shy eyes. She was dressed only in black lingerie, her bra was too big for her breasts and the underwear was made for a more voluminous women. Her hair was red which she had made into a ponytail. She is definitely good looking, thought Marc.
"My name is Juliet. I have been waiting so long for my Romeo. Do you like something to drink, Sir?", her voice was gentle but shaky. "I have vodka, whikey or beer for you. Would you like me to get you one?" The dim light made her eyes disappear into shadows.
"No..", Marc stuttered. "No, thanks."
The woman stood up and walked over to him. Her feet were bare and they looked dirty and raw even in this light. Her arms played around her body. She walked around him, came up to him from behind and whispered in his ear, "How do you want me, Sir?"
She put her hands around his waist, sliding further down and down, Marc pushed the arms to the side and escaped her grip. He didn't want to, he had someone at home. Not her. She was not what he wanted.
"Shoudl I touch myself first, Sir? Would you like to see that?" Her hands went up and down her body, over her breast. The bra slipped out of position revealing her right nipple. She kept one hand caressing her right breast and followed with the other one the curves of her body down to her and between her legs. Marc's jeans felt tight and warm. His penis was pressing against the fabric that it almost hurt. He wanted to look away but was drawn in by her movement.
She swayed slowly left to right, rubbing herself softly. She made a step towards Marc, he made a step back. She slit her fingers into her underwear, going over her naked lips. She made another step towards him, he tried to make another one back but stumbled onto the bed. He saw handcuffs dangling from either side of the bed. As Marc looked back to the woman she was on top of him, pressing him down onto the bed.
"Did you like what you saw, Sir?", her voice sounded fake. Like she had said it so often it had lost all meaning behind the words. "Or do you want me to touch you?"
She layed her right hand on Marc's thigh. It was so warm. She slid up towards his erection which was clearly visible under the jeans. Her fingertips brushed soflty over the bulge. He instinctively pressed pelvis towards her. The heat rose up his body, his hands began to shake, his mind was drifting off. Her whole hand was going up and down, soft but noticable.
I have a boyfriend, he thought.
"I have a boyfriend", he shouted it into the room. Marc pushed the woman off his chest, she fell backwards onto the ground. Finally, he had said the words. Never had he told anybody. Of course his father knew what was going on but he never called him his boyfriend. It wasn't even clear what they were, they hadn't talked about it yet but it was clear to him now. He had a boyfriend.
"Oh", she began. "I didn't know. I was told to wait here for you. You.. you have to tell that before you book a room. Mister Stewart won't like that at all." Her voice cracked, she crawled over to the bed. Marc could see her face, she looked like a frightened girl, young and vulnerable.
"You can stick in my butt too if you like that more." After a short pause she added, "Sir, sorry. It's all good, I mean I am clean and.. please just do what you want to do."
"No, what are you talking about?", Marc said. His feelings were rampaging through his head. His stiff penis was still pressing against his clothes, lusting for freedom. Marc felt a small cold spot on his underwear.
"I mean isn't that what you do with your boyfriend, Sir. You can pretend I am him, you don't need to look at me. We can put something over my head, Sir. Like a blancet. Or build up some of the pillows like.."
"No, no, no."
She sat on the ground looking up at him with shy eyes.. Her nipple was still exposed.
After a long pause Marc said, "We haven't. We haven't had sex yet. Like, real sex."
She stood up from the ground and sat next to Marc on the soft bed. One arm was behind him, the other touch his knee.
"You know that's not problem at all, Sir", she said. The frightened girl was gone. "Can I tell you what I think?"
"Yes, of course."
"I think it would be super awkward if you have sex with your boyfriend and don't know what to do. Is he older than you?"
"Yes, he is", Marc didn't dare to talk any louder than a whisper.
"So he probably had some more experience than you. Don't you agree, Sir?"
Marc nodded. Ever since the first time they kissed and he began to touch him around his penis, he got so nervous. He was afraid he wouldn't last, afraid to undress himself before him. Afraid of so many things.
"Maybe we could see this as, as a little excercise befor the real deal. Whatever happens in these walls will never leave these walls. He will never know." Her hand went through his locky hair, her other hand went up and down on his thigh.
"I can show you, what to do. You don't have to be afraid with me." She came so close to his ear that he could feel her warm breath on his neck. "You can do whatever you want with me, Sir. You don't have to be afraid."
She kissed him on the neck. Her lips felt dry and pointy, but at the same time soft and warm. Her kisses went down his neck, she layed a hand on his crotch.
The voice inside his head, shouting he had a boyfriend fell silent. Juliet opened his belt and pulled down his pants. She pushed him back onto the bed. Their lips met, her tongue fought with his. Marc out his fingertips on her waist. She pressed them down onto her body, made him feel her skin. She slid them down to her ass. She moaned into his ear, Marc smelled her hair.
Her body pressed against his, he felt his penis getting harder and wet. Marc didn't care, he wasn't afraid. This is only practice so I can impress him later, he told himself. Juliet began to grind herself against his body. His hands wandered across her body on themselves. He wanted to explore her back, her shoulder, down to her ass cheeks. She got up, threw the oversized bra away and grabbed his hands. The soft touch of her breasts made him heat up more. He pressed his mouth against her, wanted to get closer to her, deeper inside her mouth. He kissed her neck, her colar bones. Down to her nipples, he kissed them too and they got hard.
She undressed him, pulled his shirt over his head, kissing every inch of his chest. Then pulled down his shorts. There was a genuine surpise on her face when she saw his penis rise up. The tip was already wet.
"Can I make it a little bit wet before you put it inside me, Sir?"
Marc couldn't talk, only nod. Her warm, wet mouth went up and down on his penis. Marc grabbed the bedsheets. He moaned everytime she licked over the tip of his penis. When she stopped the haze of the moment lifted for a second and he could see her get rid of the last piece of clothing she had on her. Her body looked even better now in the dim red light. A few drops of spit gathered on Juliet's lips. She was perfectly shaved between her legs which bothered Marc just a little bit.
"Do you want to take me from behind, Sir?"
Yes, he wanted. He never wanted anything more in his life.



[PB]






<center>*escape from zombie bordell*



Marc crashed into the door, fumbled with the door knob and was finally out of this room. The air was thick and hot. He could feel the sweat on his body, his lungs were calling for air. His shirt and jeans were in his hand, the shoes and underwear somewhere inside. He needed to get away. This was too much. He caught his breath after running down the hallway to the stairs. The sweat slowly evaporated and he felt cold and stiff. Marc wanted to put on some clothes but didn't want to make them dirty. He needed to find somewhere to wash himself. Wash off all the filth and every trace of Juliet that clung to his body.
Marc knew in his room was a bathroom for him but he didn't dare to go back in there. It's all wrong. What happened to me? Something pounded against his head from the inside. The voice was back. I have a boyfriend, a boyfriend. Boy. Friend. He couldn't go up to the lobby and walk naked with shit on his dick to the reception asking them politely where the restroom was. No. The only place to go, was to his father's room. What was his number? Thirteen? Twelve? No definitely thirteen.
Down he went, floor after floor he felt colder and colder. In the faint light he saw his fingernails were dirty. Something sticky and red. Rooms forty to forty-nine. Further down. The only sound he heard was from his bare feet tapping on the stairs. His penis hit his thighs all around, making a total mess. Sometimes a splash would land on the ground. They would clean it up, Marc was sure of it.
He arrived at the lowest floor. Further down was only for personal of the establishment. Two sturdy iron doors with three locks blocked the way. He opened the door to the left. Marc found himself in a long corridor exactly as on the floor his room was. It was not as clean and nice as further up the building. The air smelled foul and full of polishes and dysentfectants. The air felt cold on Marc's naked body and his bare feet made loud tapping noises that echoed from the walls. He went by room eighteen. Something behind the door made strange noises. Like sharpening a knive. Room fifteen. Marc heard growls and moans, he heard someone sobbing, someone screaming. The rooms were sound proof, Steven had told his son on the flight, but even these heavy doors couldn't fully swallow every sound.
Room thriteen. Marc knocked. "Dad, it's me. Marc." He didn't dare to whisper any louder. This hallway made him shiver. The cold floor was hurting his feet. There was no answer. Slowly he pressed down the handle.
This wasn't his father's room. It was dark inside but the light from behind Marc was enough for him to reveal what was inside. In this room was no bed but in the middle a big metal pole. A tiny creature was chained to the pole. It must have been a girl before the transformation, not older than ten. Her legs were connected with a chain too so she couldn't move as easily. On the walls were hundreds of gadgets, knives, hammers, pincers, lether straps, whips, nails, saws. It gave him chills up his spine.
The girl lifted its head, looking at Marc with these black eyes. She ran towards him, pounced onto him like a tiger. Marc jumped back in the nick of time to avoid her arm trying to slash him. The chain held her back. "What the fuck!", his throat was so dry. She couldn't reach him now so she went back to her pole and cowered herself together on the ground.
Marc closed the door, picked up his clothes again. Room twelve. Yes it was room twelve. He walked over one room.

<center>* * *

Marc should have knocked first but he wasn't processing any of what has happened. He wasn't prepared of what was behind door number twelve. The door opened slowly, revealing piece by piece a scene from the most fucked up horror movie. This room was without a bed as well, his father, half naked, stood behind a contraption fucking a woman with eyes as black as the night. She was strapped onto a metal frame on all fours. Blood was splattered all over the floor, the right foot was gone and from the stump dropped blood into a puddle on the ground. Every single of her fingers was bent into every direction that was not humanely possible. Her back had more cuts and scars than normal skin.
Steven Rhode didn't notice his son, he was hammering against the woman. The clapping sound and screams of the strapped woman were too much.
"D..dad?", Marc whispered.
"Dad! What the fuck", he screamed. Standing naked in the door frame, holding his clothes in his right hand. Marc's father stopped, his eyes widened. For a split second Marc saw his father afraid. Maybe even a little bit embarassed before his face went to cold rage.
"What the fuck are you doing here, Marc. This is my private room, what you do in yours is none of my business and what I do here is none of yours." He came from behind the woman towards his son. He grabbed a two towels from the table on the wall. Marc looked around and saw the same tools as in the other room, some of them were dripping with black blood.
"This isn't right. Why..What?", Marc stuttered.
Steven had put a towel across his waist and threw the other one to his son.
"You will listen to me now, very carefully. You go back up to your room, finish whatever you have started, get cleaned up in your own bathroom and wait in the lobby for me."
"I can't go back in there, dad. She is still there, I can't.."
"Yes you can", he shouted at Marc. Spit flew from his mouth. A vein almost popped out of his forehead. "And you can. You are my son and not some stupid homo weakling. Now go!" Steven pushed him out of the room and slammed the door right in his face.
Somehow Marc must have picked himself up and walked all the way back up the stairs. His body was reacting on its one, Marc's brain was too disturbed too think straight. When he opened the door to room number ninety-eight his girl was gone. The bed was still messed up and dirty. The bathroom was emtpy too. The water running over his skin, cold and fresh, wasn't enough to wash off whatever this place had done to him. He rubbed and rubbed, wanted to get off everything, even his own skin. He noticed the salty taste of the water before noticing that he had began to cry. Maybe he had cried all the way up, he couldn't tell.
With chattering teetch and goosebumbps all over his shivering body, Marc collected all his clothes and put them back on. After he entered the lobby, Edrick was chatting with on of the security men.
"Oh my god, Mister Rhode. You are shivering. What happened?", he sounded genuinely concerned. "Did your girl not satisfy you enough?"
"No, no. The water in the shower was just so cold", Marc said. He rubbed his arms and hands together with no effect.
"Amanda, could you get Mister Rhode something warm to drink and a blancet please", Edrick said. "You can wait over there in the lounge until your father is ready. She will bring you something in a second."
Edrick lead Marc to a smal secluded area in the lobby. There were two couches and a couple of armchairs. Marc sat down on one of the sofas. They smelled a little funny but were comfortable.
"I will have to take care of some business. You will be alright here."
Marc wanted to ask what he needed to take care of. Was Juliet in trouble because of him? He couldn't care less at this moment. I have a boyfriend. My father is a torturing sadist. I.. more did his head not allow him. He vomited all over the sofa when Amanda came with some blancets around the corner.



[PB]






<center>*church photos*



The streets were paved with bones. Squad D had pushed further into the small town and discovered the remnants of the outbreak. All the people must have looked for safety in the centre of the town, in the church. The temple had been built on a small hill and was easier to defend than any other building around. The windows had been barricated with wood planks and the glass behind was broken. Hundreds of people must have died around the hill, what they were Richard couldn't tell anymore. They all looked the same now.
"What a creepy graveyard", said Dimitri. The houses were ruins now and grass, moss and other plants had reclaimed their old territory.
"I thought we would get some more fun here", Scarlett's face showed perfect innocence. "Bones are no fun." She kicked against a  ripcage on the ground. It burst and rips scattered all around.
"Scar!", Richard shouted. "Catch." He threw a skull at her.
With total elegance Scarlett jumped up to catch the skull, but it hit her right in the stomach and fell to the ground. Like a ball it rolled a few more metres before it hit something else.
They looked at each other and then began to laugh out loud all together.
"Look at this shit", Zoey held up a skull attached to the spine. "You could totally use this as a weapon or something." She swung it like a hammer. "I will keep it."
"Come on guys. We need the daylight for the pictures. No time to waste anymore." Scarlett was already moving further.
The main entrance to the church was demolished. It had been crushed into many pieces and scattered around the floor. Inside the light was shady, all the windows were covered up.
"No more joking around from now on. Stay on your guard. We don't now what's in there." Dimitri had become the squad leader just because by now they were used to it. Richard envied his directness, his confidence. You are dead weight, dead weight.
Richard held his wodden spear with both hands. Dimitri pulled his rifle from his back and was ready to fire. Scarlett's blade reflected the light and blinded Richard for a second before she went inside. The air was tick but cold. The floor was covered with bones and skulls. Richard saw axes and knives, clubs and baseball bats. All scattered around, rusted or broken. Old matresses with almost totally black lay in the middle of the room.
"There it is", whispered Dimitri. His voice echoed from the walls.
Next to the altar was a wodden door. It was directly under the tower they needed to climb. Slowly the squad advanced. They stumbled over old bones, Scarlett's foot got stuck in a rip cage and she needed help to get free. Richard became anxious. They were making too much sound and the churh had dark corners.
He often turned around and thought he heard something but it always was just an echo from himself tripping over something. So many skulls, they were everywhere, small or big.
On the door were scratch marks. They were deep but not deep enough to penetrate the heavy wood planks. When Richard ran his fingers over the marks he could almost feel what happened here. He wondered about who wanted to enter the tower. Were it some of the survivers who needed shelter when the church got overrun or are these marks from the beasts.
The door was still locked. Dimitri tried to open it, got his whole weight against the door. His breathing quickened, th veins on his arms and face were about to explode and his head was red as their squad letter on the backpacks.
"No way we will go through here", he said.
"Maybe you are just a little too weak", Scarlett teased. "And I thought you men are considered the strong sex."
"Why don't you give it a try, Missy", barked Dimitri. Scarlett obviously hit a nerve with him.
"Ugh, whatever. Let's find another way in."
She let them stand there and walked out of the church, her blade on her shoulder. The others followed her. The sunlight blinded Richard as soon as they exited the dark inside. Wind blew through his hair. His eyes slowly accustomed to the change in brightness and he saw Zoey stretch her upper body, lifting her arms high up in the air. She ached her back which made her breasts stick out even more. Richard noticed Dimitri was staring at her cleavage as well.
Scarlett grunted and walked off around the church. The boys quickly looked away and followed her. Around the building they found the base of the tower. There were no windows on the ground floor but higher up at the second storey was a small window.
"See", Scarlett shielded her eyes with one hand. "That's our entrance up there. Who is up for a climb?"
"You must be kidding?", Richard said. The sheer height made his stomach turn. Even on top of the school building he got a bad feeling when he stood near the edge.
"Obviously, stupid", Scarlett said. "Anyone have a good idea how we are going to get up there?"
Squad D looked up at the impossible height. They had no ropes with them and even if they went to get some it wouldn't matter. There was nothing up there to throw it on to. And the sun was creeping closer to the other side of the globe. They didn't have much daylight left.
"I have an idea", Dimitri said into the silence. "But you not going to like it."
"It probably won't even work"; Richard pressed out. The sweat was running down his face. "And we are working like fools." Dimitri's idea was to get one of the long church benches and put it right up against the tower. It would be a little steep but with some effort they could climb up. The only problem was, the thing was way heavier than it looked and the bones and other debris were blocking the way.
"Come on we are almost there", Zoey tried to chant them on.
"We didn't even leave the fucking church yet. We are not even half way there, you moron", Scarlett shouted over her shoulder. Dimitri had taken the lead with Scarlett, Zoey and Richard after him. This felt almost like a list to Richard, he was at the back with Zoey, Dimitri and Scar at the top of the squad. You are dead weight, dead weight.
They needed a long break after the finally carried the bench over to the bell tower. Richard's arms were feeling numb from carrying and he was sweating like a waterfall. The others weren't in better shape. They sat down in the shade of the church and ate some of their food they brought. Some dried meat, dried fruit and bread. Water was the bigger problem. They had only brought two bottles so they could move fast and not everybody had to carry their heavy pack. But the water was running low now.
"What do you think is in there?", Richard asked the group. "I mean, it was locked up so are there people hiding in there or did they just.. starve in there?"
"There are no people outside of the colonies", Dimitri said. "Nobody could survive out here on their own or in a small group. These beast take away all the animals for hunting and they don't have enough people to protect any crops. Or did you even see any fields around here?"
He had a point. Beyond the colonies the land was barren and dead. Even the beast were eating themselves from time to time when they didn't find anything else. And why would they stay here when there is safety not far off?
"Come on guys", Scarlett interrupted. "We have to get this done. I say Zoey and Dick are going up there and take the pictures. Dimitri and me are holding our ground down here. We don't all have to climb up there, it's a waste. Also I don't want you all to look under my skirt while I try and climb up that stupid thing."
"Of course", Zoey said. "The queen doesn't want to built up a sweat."
Scarlett's face became so red and she was about to burst when Dimitri said. "Stop fighting all the time it's annoying me. Let's put this thing up the wall and you guys climb up. Decision is made. Now go."
It was pointless taking a fight now. The idea wasn't bad either. It didn't do any good climbing up all together when they only needed to take some pictures.
The colored window paned burst into millions of tiny pieces when the bench hit it. For a moment it looked like the wood bounced off the wall and would not hold but they were lucky enough.
"Good job", Scarlett said. "Bullseye."
"I think they could hear that even back at the colony." Zoey looked concerned. "If they anything is still living in this town they will be awake now."
"Don't be so dramatic", Scarlett said. A smile came over her face. "I will protect you."
Zoey didn't wait for any comment she was already trying to climb up. She had to use her hands to press herself against the bench and tried to walk up which felt horribly. The second time she tried to rob up. It was slow, painful and exhausting but it worked. After Richard had climbed into the window he looked down but Dimitri and Scarlett were gone.
"Guys", Richard shouted. Zoey caught him with her hands. "They ran off giggling like little thirteen year olds. Don't worry about them." Richard was more jealous than concerned but he didn't want to admit that to Zoey out right even though she seemed to know what Richard was thinking at all time.
First they went down to check if anything blocked the door or if it was simply locked. There was nothing blocking the door on the inside but three sceletons sat in one of the corners. The two on the outside were smaller and the middle one had put their arm around them.
"They must have starved in here or killed themselves", Zoey whispered. Everywhere were spiderwebs and dust. They left footprints behind them.
"Let's get our pictures and leave this place. It is creeping me out."
Richard followed Zoey up the stairs and had a perfect view of her well shaped ass. Her jeans had holes in it and one even revealed a tiny bit of her underwear underneath.
They went up and up after finally reaching the bell. It hung in the middle of the tower. It was massive and must have weighed a ton. Even now there was not a single trace of rust on that zylinder.
"Come here, Legolas", Zoey waved to him. "What do your elve eyes see?"
The view was breathtaking. The tower was higher than the school building and Richard could see the whole town beneath him. The wind blew stronger around his body and it was colder up here. The land beyond the ruined town was covered with trees or wide grasslands.  He even thought he could make out the sea in the west but he wasn't sure about it. Zoey pulled out their small camera and shot picture from every angle. They intructed them harshly to not waste any of the power. Power was one of the most important and expensive ressources and it was vital for the safety of the colony to maintain knowledge of the surrounding area.
"Isn't it georgous up here?", Zoey said. She leaned on her forearms. Her hair was growing back slowly. She had beautiful big brown eyes, Richard noticed when she looked at him.
"Yes. So peaceful."
They admired the view for a little longer before making the journey back down. The sun was setting and the shadows grew very long.

<center>* * *

Richard crawled back on the window shelf. His legs were burning from all the steps. He looked down but couldn't see Scarlett or Dimitri. "Guys?", he shouted. "Scaaaaar!" He got no answer.
"They are probably fucking somewhere", said Zoey and shrugged her shoulders. No. Scarlett wouldn't do that. She wouldn't just have sex with someone she barely knew.
"Something must have happened. We need to get down now", Richard got anxious. He turned around to go first with his feet. Climbing down was even worse than up. The bench was shaky because nobody was holding it down the other end on the ground. His legs and arms were so tired he feared he could slip and fall down to his death. The ground began to move and Richard go dizzy. Get yourself together, he told himself.
"Are you okay?", Zoey had noticed it too. "Just take it slow. Don't take unnecessary risks."
She was right. RIchard went down slowly, on bis belly. He looked up after every metre to see if Zoey was still there. Just another..
..a shrill cry made the blood in his veins frezze. He stopped immediatly, his muscles tightened, his heart raced. The cry came from one of the buildings surrounding the church. Richard heard no gunshots, nothing for what felt like an eternity. He was frozen, crouching on this wodden bench. His tense muscles felt like he could lose grip any second and slide off.
Then his anxiety mixed with a good amount of sexual arousal. Out of a white house where the paint was coming off and it was now more black and green than white, came Scarlett running like a mad woman. Her hair flew in black waves behind her. She held her shirt in her right and her blade in the left hand. She was naked expect for her skirt and shoes. Her breasts bounced up and down as she ran towards Richard. His penis began to wake up.
Richard was so mesmerized by her naked body that he noticed the blood only on a second glance. She was covered in it like she took a bath in a tub full of blood. It wasn't black but shining red. Before she crossed the street to climb up to the church a dozen of black eyes came out of the house to chase her down.
"Run Scar. Come on", shouted Richard which he felt was necessary before he noticed how irrelevant that was.
"Richard", shouted Zoey from above. "Climb up you stupid fuck. Come on!"
She was right. He needed to make room for Scarlett. With the adrenaline pumping through his body he heaved himself up metre by metre. Scarlett came running up the hill, the crowd of beasts still after her.
"Mooove, Dick. Faster", Scarlett cried out. Richard was sweating and the strenght was leaving his arms. You are dead weight, dead weight. His spear appeared before his face. Zoey had lowered it down.
"Grab onto it. I will help you", she said. With his right he grabbed the spear as tight as he could and Zoey pulled him up. It wasn't any faster but at least he had a little help. Scarlett was already climbing up when Richard finally made it into the tower where fell to the ground, catching his breath. He couldn't see anything what was going on down there. He heard Zoey shout, "Come on Scarlett. They are coming." He heard them growl and grunt and Scarlett swear and curse them.
Then Richard saw her face appear in the window frame. Her face looked flawless in the evening light. Then her breast came into his sight, bouncing up and down with tiny nipples. She jumped into the tower almost colliding with Richard. He could feel her warm skin touching him, her hot heavy breath. She was so close and she was naked.
"We have to push it off", Zoey shouted and brought Richard back to reality. Only problem was he was too exhausted to even stand up and he wouldn't be of any help.
Without a word Scarlett grabbed Richard's spear and went over to Zoey. Together they tried to push the bench off the wall. The others must be close to the tip by now. Zoey put all her weight against her spear which she had stuck between the bench and the wall. Scarlett was trying the same and for the first time Richard saw them work together and not fight against each other.
The spear of Zoey broke into pieces with a loud crack and she fell backwards onto Richard who was just trying to get closer. They almost fell down the stairs. Scarlett fell next to them to the ground.
Richard heard the cried and the impact on the ground. They were safe. Locked up in a tower with no exit.



[PB]






<center>*after the bordell*



Someone shook Marc out of his nightmare. Pools of sweat had accumulated under his back, he felt cold even under his thick feather blancet. It was Isabelle who woke Marc up.
"Master Marc, you have been screaming again. I apologize for waking you but it is already midday. Your father instructed me to wake you earlier but I couldn't bring myself to do so." Marc answered with a few grunts and moans. Isabelle was one of the Rhode's maids. She was with them since the beginning and had taken up the role of Marc's mother. She was about thirty, with brown hair which almost touched her butt. Her eyes were a warm brown and she was a little smaller than Marc but was twice his size. Marc knew these were the way she got the job here. His father didn't care about anything else.
But for Marc she became a part of his family. While his father was often doing business, Isabelle had become the shoulder to cry on for him. She was the only person he felt like he could trust and she was the only one he told about Brian, his boyfriend. He had a boyfriend. The realization brought back all the memories he had tried to bury deep inside of him. It was three days ago he had been there but the nightmares hadn't stopped yet.
"See, the sun is shining bright." Isabelle pulled back the curtains. His throat felt dry and his head hurt like it came between a hammer and an anvil. "I got you a glass of water. Lunch will be ready in a half an hour. I let you alone until then."
The glass of water wasn't enough to get rid of the headaches but at least he could speak again. The pills his father gave him to sleep better were working. He didn't wake up once during the night which was actually worse because now he was trapped with his demons inside of his dreams. Nobody knew what the pills really were, his father said they would work and that was the end of the discussion.
The sun was shining bright into his room. His room had a balcony so he could see over the whole property. A big concrete wall seperated the Rhode property from the rest of the conoly. The pool had seen better days and was mainly used as a fish tank.
Marc was standing naked on the balcony, then the visions came back. He saw his father, saw the woman strapped down. Saw the redhead, saw himself standing behind her, doing her.
He went inside. "It's all over now and nobody will know", he said to himself. Talking out loud has proven to be way more impactful than talking to himself in his head. Speaking it out loud made it more real for Marc. He was never afraid of his father until that day. Now he was actively avoiding him.
The helicopter ride home he couldn't remember. Maybe he fell asleep, maybe they put something in the water the receptionist brought him. His father didn't mention it after that anymore.
Making his way down on marble stairs Marc went into the kitchen. Giovanni was cooking over the stove. It was not a electric one but fueled with coals or wood. The whole kitchen got renovated after the Rhodes moved in here years ago.
"Good Morning Master Marc", Giovanni said.
"Good Morning", Marc responded. He wasn't in the mood for much chatting. "What's for lunch today?"
"Times are hard I fear. I made you a steak with my secret sauce together with some mashed potatoes and a few fresh vegetables."
"Will you ever tell me the secret ingredients to your sauce, Giovanni?"
"If I do that I will be out of a job, I fear." He chuckled.
The food was tasty as always, the steak was a bit raw inside just like Marc liked it. Sitting over his food he tried to keep his mind busy before it returned to some unwelcome thoughts. He thought about going out and taking his bike for a spin around the colony. His father always said a leader had to be present for the people and he was part of the this business. Maybe he could see Brian and talk to him. I have to tell him, don't I, he thought.
A dark and shady memory of his father shouting at him about being a disappointment for him, about being not right in the head and how did he desserve this. All this because of Brian. Marc never understood his father. What was the difference? He felt attraction towards woman as well as men but nothing felt as strong for him as what he felt for Brian.
I have to tell him.



<center>* * *

Marc had to hurry, lunch break for the workers on the field was around one o'clock. He got his bike from the garage. His father took the jeep this time, a pickup and his old Ford Mustang were still sleeping under their covers. Sometimes Marc thought his father loved that Mustang more than his own son. He treated that car better than him that was for certain.
Marc drove out of the front gate, the soldiers greeted him and wished him a good day. And indeed a good day it was. The sun was out and shining, Marc's headache had vanished almost completely and he was excited to see Brian.
I have to tell him.
Everywhere he went the people on the street or walking somewhere stopped and greeted him, waved at him, shouted something after him like "Isn't it nice outside, Mr. Rhode?" or "What are you up to today, Mr. Rhode?". If they were nice to Marc because they were happy to see him or because they were afraid of his father he couldn't tell. How could anybody tell?
Horses were pulling waggons full of cannisters filled with water from the nearest river. Marc knew water was the biggest problem they were facing at the beginning. Nobody knew if it was safe to drink water from rivers and lakes or if it would turn you into one of them. Marc's father did business with someone nobody in the colony ever saw or knew. But they had all the answers. They brought them aclarin for bite wounds and cuts and a substance to mix into the water so it's safe to drink.
Marc reached the checkpoint to go beyond the fence which protects the colony from the outside. The fields, where Brian worked, were further out and didn't have a wall. It has been a long time since anything got even near the twenty kilometre perimeter Steven Rhode had established around the colony. Every day hunters would move out and traverse the woods to see if anything was roaming through the thickets of the forests. When Marc was younger he dreamt of being a hunter himself. Going out on missions for several days, sleeping under the stars and fight against all sorts of evil creatures. His father killed this dream of his the second Marc told him.
"Do you want some men for your protection, Mr. Rhode?", Craig the soldier at the gate asked him.
"No, no. I will be fine. I will stay near the the fennce and won't leave the street. Nothing to worry about", Marc answered and smiled.
"If you say so", Craig said and waved him through.
"And even if there is something", Marc shouted over his shoulder, "Nothing will catch me anyway." And with that he was out into the wilderness.

<center>* * *

The ride took Marc about half an hour. It was nothing unusual for him, his legs were strong and his bike was in best conditions. The road had seen better days but for a small bike it was easy to avoid every hole in the ground. With a car this road was getting actually dangerous and Steven Rhode was working on a plan to fix it up.
The street carved through the land like a black river with lines of trees on either side. Finally Marc emerged from the dim forest into the shining sun. The street came out of the forest and left it on its right side with wide fields on the ohter. Here grew most of the food for the whole colony. Further down the road were the orchards with apple trees, berry bushed and other all year plants. On the fields in front of Marc grew wheat and corn, rape and salad, pumkins, cucumbers, turnips and all sorts of other vegetables.
In the summer most of the work was watering the plants. They had to bring water from the nearby river, which was hundreds of metres away from the fields. And to get to every last field the workers often had to go kilometres under the summer sun. It was hard work, that's what Brian always told him when he asked about work. It was hard and he hated it.
Normally Marc and Brian would meet up in the tool shed on the south side of the fields. During the break, the workers met up for an hour inside a big wood building. Late in the year, when it was colder and windy, they sat around a crackling fire and in summer it gave enough shade to rest a little and eat their lunch. They played cards or layed down for a while. This was the perfect time for Brian to sneek off and meet up with his secret friend. Nobody was allowed to see them both together. This was going on for two months now.
At first they weren't as careful and were seen by one of the guards walking around the perimeter. Steven didn't want anyone knowing about this. His own son with a worker. From then on they started seeing each other in the tool shed. Nobody came there during their break. Marc rode down to the fields and back everyday. Sometimes he only lay in the sun or walk through the woods. On other days he was seeing Brian. To his father Marc was very clear. No more hanging around with the workers.
Marc left the road and pushed his bike next to him through the grass field. He needed to be careful and watch out for the guards and other workers wandering around aimlessly. The tool shack was built close to the grass field. The high grass and hilly land gave him cover enough. He parked his bike, covered it up with some grass and snuck into the tool shed.
Inside the light was dim and it smelled like fresh dirt, leaves and cut grass. The tools were neatly organized into diferent sections, they were invaluable to the survival of the colony. Big plows were especially precious and were stored somewhere else with extra protection. In a corner the light from the tiny windows was barely reaching a small section for shovels and buckets had been established. A thin wood seperating wall hid the two boys from noisy visitors.
Marc turned the corner and he saw the silhoutte of Brian sitting on the ground munching down on something. He wore a black shirt with an old, dirty jeans and black boots. Everything was full of dirt and holes, the garment of a true worker. The form of his body was well defined. Big, strong upper arms, the back of a bull. His face was barely visible in this light but Marc knew it. Every little detail, his small nose and full lips, the green eyes with a tiny scar over the right one. Another scar span from his right ear up to his nose. His hair fell soft and blonde down to his shoulders. Those strong and unbelievably comfortable shoulders where Marc had wanted to sleep on for so long. His lips longed for another taste of his mouth. He wanted to feel his hands feeling up his spine, going back down to his ass.
I can't tell him.
The thought fell down on Marc light a bomb and exploded inside his mind. He stopped in his tracks. Brian looked up from his meal and smiled. His teeth were showing a tiny bit. Marc felt paralysed unable to talk and move. I can't tell him, he will hate me. I can't, played over and over inside his head.
"Are you just gonna stand there or what?", Brian said. Marc had almost forgot how beautiful his voice was. Deep and full, his inside jumped and shook. Everything was coming back to life inside of him.
"I am admiring the view, can you fault me for that?", Marc responded. But he went over to him and sat down face to face. He could smell the sandwich and heard the crunching of fresh salad.
"You know, it's not so nice in here without you." Brian bit down again. "I waf thinkin abot leaving."
"Shut up, you weren't", Marc said confidently. His mind was thinking something else. "You live for that hour with me in the tool shack every week."
There was a pause. Brian chewed on his sandwich. Marc didn't dare to breathe. Was he too cocky? Too direct? Was he wrong in assuming that? Too straight forward?
"It's not very nice to make a man admit how miserable his life is."
"I didn't..", Marc tried.
Brian cut him off. "I really do live for these hours with you, it's true. I have nobody else here. Well, not really. They all treat me like a child. Of course, most of the others are at least ten years older than me but still. Nobody wants me here, except you." There was another pause. Brian didn't chew. Marc didn't breathe. The air was still and waiting. "I think. I think I love you Marc."
"You really do? I mean you love me? Me?", Marc vomited out. The words trembled over each other.
"I think you should say it back or something, I don't know?", Brian said.
"Of course. I love you too." Marc jumped up and hugged him. They both fell over onto the ground. Brian's meal rolled between some buckets. They kissed each other, first only quickly on the lips. Then longer before Marc opened his mouth to kiss him properly.
"Stand up", the voice cut through the air and made the two boys jump. Marc's heart froze and sunk to his knees. Over them stood Craig with two other guards who came towards them. They got Brian, pulled him up and forced him to follow them outside.
"Where are you bringing him? Stop it, I will tell my father about you."
"Your father is waiting for you, Mr. Rhode. Would you follow me please?"



[PB]






<center>*Mia meets machete*



Her whole body was stiff from last night, her eyes tired and she didn't feel rested at all but Mia needed to get going. She had been sitting in her tree the whole morning, too afraid too move a msucle. The forest was waiting for her, mist had been hovering over the ground like a white blancet. Everything felt wet and the cold was creeping into Mia's bones. She had Moira's blancet around her shoulders and body but the cold seeped through the layers of clothes anyway. Mia knew she needed to start walking or she would start to freeze. Catching a cold or something worth out here with nobody around coudl certainly mean death.
The sun didn't show its warm face today, a thick layer of clouds lay upon the land. The sky was ready to shower down onto the earth so Mia was forced to make up some ground. She must at least find someplace she would be safe from the rain. With wet clothes she would be forced to light a fire or freeze to death in the cold night. A fire would get her killed even faster, Mia knew that she had been watched. "The trees have eyes and ears", Moira used to say. She was right.
Mia ate her breakfast while walking. She coudln't lose anymore time. The nuts and berries she had left, filled her up enough and the walking heated up her body so she stopped shivering. The stiffness of her bones went away quickly. According to her map she needed to go four or five kilometres into the forest and then find a cave in the mountain. The description was vague and the area vast. But Mia hadn't the luxury of stressing about that. She needed to find it or she would starve or be hunted down in the night.
After half an hour Mia's legs were wet up to her knee and freezing. The forest was dense and she walked a straight line for more than five minutes. It was hard to keep a sense of direction. Everything looked the same and the sun was barely visible under the layers of leaves. Autumn had almost began but the leaves were still green and plenty all over her head. By now she could be walking back into the arms of her blue friend and Mia wouldn't even know. But the only thing she could do was walk and walk and walk.


<center>* * *

Time stood still. Mia had lost all sense for it. Her back hurt, her thighs were burning and her left foot was wet and cold. The staff in her hands began to gain weight with every step she took. She regretted making it so long and heavy. Everytime she decided to cut it in half she decided against it again because this was her only weapon and if the others came back she would be glad to have it. But when they came back and she was too exhausted to swing it, it wouldn't matter.
Mia sat down on a fallen tree, it was mostly dry and far enough above the cold ground. Her food supply was dwindeling at an alarming rate. She ate all the nuts she had, the last of her dried berries she ate right there. She only had her potatoes, raw and uncooked. She needed a fire whatever the risk was. During the day it would not be so bad, she told herself.
Gathering wood was easy and fast in these woods. There were plenty dead trees and branches lying all around and they were only wet on the surface. Mia made some tinder from the bark of a fallen birch.
The crackling of the fire brought her back to the camp. Sitting around the fire, listening to Moira's stories or the sound of them singing old songs from a time almost forgotte. The children running around her, circling her and wrestling her to the ground. It felt happier in her memory than when she was there. She started to miss them. All of them, even the creep Blue Joe and his worker friends.
The fire warmed her and fought off the cold, wet grips around her body. After it had burned down she covered the potatoes with coals and let them cook through. She would eat some right now but keep the others for later. Even cold they would taste better than leaves or insects.
Mia ate her potatoes with skin and they tasted absolutely amazing. They were warm and filled her belly. Finally she felt like the rest of the way would be easy. She took another one and bit off half of it.
She caught something in the corner of her eye. A shadow moved. But they were always moving, Mia had begun to mistrust her eyes. Then again. Something was circling around her. She put out the coals as best she could, covered it up with some dirt. Got her staff and backpack and left her fireplace. She took the staff in both hands now, ready to defend herself.
A crack. Something behind her. Mia started running, at least as fast as the roots and fallen trees on the ground permitted it. She say glimpses of them, closer to her. On her right, on her left. Even behind her she noticed them. They had her almost surrounded.
Mia often talked with the hunters at the camp about their trips. She remembered every detail of what they told her about the black eyes. Because she knew there would come a time when she needed to fight. But nobody every mentioned something like this. She knew they hunted in a pack of not more than ten at once. They would come for you, straight at you all at once, trying to overwhelme with their sheer power and numbers.
These were different. They felt smart, dangerous.
Mia decided to stop running. The heavy backpack and her staff were slowing her down anyway. She was never able to outrun them. It would only make her tired and weak. She decided to fight in a spot where the trees weren't so close together. A small clearing in the dense forest, even the sun was shining brighter here it felt. Without the trees she had better chances. Her staff would not clip the trees.
The shadows came closer, hugging the trees. Mia had put down her backpack, her knive was on her belt, the axe in her right hand and the staff in front of her. The axe would be her wildcard.
They came close from all around. Two from her right and one from every other side. Mia was completely surrounded. Her muscels were tense, a drop of sweat left her chin and fell to the ground. Her heart was pounding hard and fast inside her ears. She turned and turned but they were everywhere coming closer and closer. They were slow, taking their time. It almsot felt like they were playing with Mia. The circled her, trying to confuse her.
Two of them picked up branches and swung them through the air. Her heart beat even faster now. Five against one, not very good odds, Mia thought. Maybe dying out here was better than being sold to someone, was her last thought, then the first one attacked.
With a wordless cry a man with shreds of clothing on him ran up to Mia. He did have no weapon but was filled with rage and excitement. His eyes were wide, deep black holes in his skull. Mia noticed the long scars on his face. The axe hit him right in the stomach. The impact made him stumble and fall to the ground. He couldn't raise his hands fast enough and Mia hurt something crack when he hit the ground.
Mia ducked down, picked up her staff and was ready for the next one. The others weren't as stupid and fired up as the first one. They were careful, examining her, watching her every move as she turned around and around and around. It was hard to keep track on all the four remaining figures. A woman, dressed in a blue hoddie, let out a shrill cry. A signal for the attack.
The two with branches in their hands attacked from both sides. The other two continued circling Mia. She held the staff in the middle so she had both side for fighting. She figured this would give her the best chance against multiple enemies. Mia observed them running at her. They looked clumsy, one of them dragged his lagged behind himself, making him slower. The other one was missing a hand and the stump had turned black. In the other hand he held a short heavy branch. It was way too heavy for him, thick like a young tree, so he dragged it more than he held it.
Mia changed her tactic. She breathe in one last time and sprinted towards the one with just one hand. The other one she figured would be easy to outrun if necessary. Mia swung her staff, now with both hands on one side, over her head. She put her whole weight into the hit. The staff cut through the air.
And missed. The weight and velocity of the staff catapulted Mia to the right. She stumbled, fell onto the ground. She felt the wet dirt on her knees, ellbows and hands. Her face was only a hand above the ground. The staff was still in her hands. She had clung to it, her only weapon, her only hope.
The stump guy was over Mia as soon as she tried to get back up. She rolled on her back and held the staff over her body. The impact of the heavy branch went through Mia's body like a gunshot. Her hands hurt and bruned, her shoulders had handled most of the brunt force.
Mia's opponent had let go of his weapon and threw himself against her. She wrestled him back, her trusted staff between her and his dripping mouth. He tried to scratch her with his hands but he was to far for Mia's face and his nails wouldn't cut through the fabric of her clothes. With one heavy kick in his stomach and another one in his crotch Mia managed to get free. She crawled back, trying to bring enough space between herself and the monster. It let out grunts and moans of pain but that didn't stop him.
Before Mia could stand up again he jumped her. She swung her staff again, aiming for his head and this time, she hit him. The pain crawled through her hands into her harms and shoulders. The head cracked with a dull sound, the wood vibrated and shook in Mia's hands. The body landed next to Mia, crashed onto the ground.
She put one hand on her knee, stood up and turned around looking for the next one. She looked left and right, right and left. Nothing. She listened. Nothing. One last look at the body on the ground, it didn't move anymore. Mia noticed the smell, foul and rotten. It must be the stump of his, rotting away on his body while he was still up and walking. The pain must have been pure torture.
Mia made her way back to where she had left her pack. She was still scanning the enviroment for clues of where the others were hiding. Did they leave?, Mia thought. It was strange.
Something hit the ground behind Mia. She tried to turn around but before she could move a muscle someone put a arm around her and she felt a cold blade on her throat.
"Drop your staff, would you?", a women's voice whispered into her ear.



[PB]






<center>*Maschete and Mia venture through the forest*



"What did you do before the apocalypse?", asked Machete. The name she had given herself. She had found her machete in an abandoned building. It had saved her life, she had told Mia and she thought it was a more fitting name. Her old name died with the old world. She had very short hair, it looked more like a boys haircut. Her hair were messy and greasy. Her pants were sewn together by patches in different shades of black. She balanced her machete on her right shoulder.
"The apocalypse?" Mia was irritated. She didn't think of her as a religious fanatic.
"You know, when people start eating each other and their eyes turn black, it's very hard not to think about it as a punishment of god." Machete has taken the lead and Mia was following her. Firstly out of fear but she quickly realized she was completely lost without her. She had been walking in the complete wrong direction and would have never reached her destination. "I for my part was never really religous. My parents were both honest believing christians but I never got into it. But when the world changes so drastically, you'll change with it. But you haven't answered my question yet."
Before Mia opened her mouth, Machete went on. "I was working in one of these fast food places. You ever went to one of those White Castle burger places." Mia shook her head, Machete didn't look at her. "I was slaving away in that greasy, filthy place. You see my hair? Now it is nice and clean. You should have seen my hair after a day in that place. All that oil and grease everywhere. But lucky for me I was in there when it happened. Did you see it on television or did you see one in live first?"
"I saw it with my parents on the news actually." The memory made Mia sad. She had almost forgotten how her old apartment looked. The blue couch with white pillows. A kitchen with an actual refrigerator and food in it.
"Yeah. I didn't. I was doing my thing, handing one of those massives their tripple beef whatever burger when I saw people talking on their phone, jumping up and leaving all of the sudden. First I was so angry at them, these fuckers let all their stuff on the tables for me to clean up after them." Machete paused for a second. "Then I heard them screaming."
The moment Machete's blade was at Mia's throat she was terrified for her life and thought she would die right there. But now she was actually enjoying the company. Machete was a weird person. She was even talking casually with Mia while she chopped of the head of the one who wrestled with Mia on the ground.
"People started running out and I was behind the counter watching. We had this big glass front and behind was the town's square. Probably a hundred people started crawling on the ground, screaming in pain. Some of them ripped their clothes of, some of them tried to rub themselves on the ground. Then they started scratching themselves. I saw it happen first hand." They followed a small path through the woods. It was tiny, easy to overlook but they were walking so much faster now.
"You know, I was there standing, thinking to myself what kind of weird flash mob is that? Once I was with my girls at one of these in the city and it was hilarious. We met up in this huge train station and at precisely one o'clock we froze our movement and stayed there for fifteen minutes. I had tested out a nice pose beforehand so I wouldn't fall over after five minutes but my friend Karen, oh god Karen. She was besides me and had this stupid leaning pose, like she wanted to pick something up. Like this." Machete stopped dead in her tracks, turned around and bent over. "Something like this. After a few minutes she started shaking and I was about to burst out laughing because she looked so stupid. That girl, god bless her. But yeah. That stuff was brutal."
Mia didn't know what to say but Machete didn't need any input from her anyway. She told her all sorts of stories, mostly from her past. About ex boyfriends and nights of parties and fun, about her different workplaces and holiday trips. Her life was so colourful and esciting it made Mia feel strange and left out. Most of her youth she spent hiding and surviving. Not very colourful or exciting.

<center>* * *

After Machete had let go of Mia she told her the whole story of her escape and the struggle to find Eran. She was too terrified of losing her head like the others to lie to her. Lucky for Mia, it turned out Machete and Eran knew each other.
"Everybody knows Eran in these parts of the woods. Quite the guy he is. Strong arms, nice butt, I wonder how long his penis is, though." Mia felt the heat rising in her cheeks. "I never understood this obsession with penisses and their lenght. And I don't understand the obsession with breasts neither but.." It followed a fifteen minute talk about Machete's indifference to penis lenght and breast size. The only thing a penis needed to be for her, was stiff when she needed it to be so.
Mia had nothing to add to the topic. She never seen a penis except when some of the men were bathing or swimming naked in the river but she never looked for long because she felt unconfortable doing it. At first Mia felt really stupid telling her all of these secrets and where she was headed. She even showed Machete her secret map. But Machete seemed honest and nice. They even shared their food together. Machete had stashed her backpack in one of the trees before she helped out Mia with the others.
"You will like Eran, I think. Not like, like him because he must look ancient to you but still, you'll like him I think." When Machete spoke Mia couldn't see her face because the path was so narrow they had to walk behind each other. But she always moved her head from side to side.
"I will get you close to where you need to be but that will be tomorrow. You went quite off treck but that's okay."
"These woods all look the same to me. How do you navigate so easily in here? It's like a maze."
"Well", said Machete. "I have been living in these woods for quite some time now. It's my home."
It didn't look like home to Mia. Machete hadn't mentioned any other people but Eran living in these woods. A very lonely home it seemed.
"I think we rest over there. You see that little cave up there." Machete pointed up a little hill where a small entrance went into the side of the earth.
"This looks so much nice than sleeping in a tree."
"Ah yes, sleeping in trees." Machete's face looked warm in the golden sunlight of the evening. "I love trees. I used to climb up into them as a child. Well, not much has chained, has it?" Her laugh was loud. It was so loud, Mia was afraid of anybody hearing them. She attracted too much attention with her loud voice and laughter.
"Don't worry. I'll protect you." Machete had told her when Mia told her about it. She had smiled at her notched blade.

<center>* * *

At the entrance of the cave Mia immediatly saw a fireplace. Neatly organized rocks and some coals in the middle.
"Home, sweet home." Machete breathed in deep, her chest rose up. "I know it's not much but it's way better than sleeping in trees, I guarantee it."
Mia wanted to go further inside. The cave looked dry and went around a corner so she couldn't see how far it went inside the hill.
"No, don't", shouted Machete but it was too late. Something on the ground snapped and two bags of stones fell to the ground on either side of Mia. She jumped back.
"Didn't your parents teach you any manners", said Machete. She hit Mia hard on the shoulder. "You do not enter somebody's house just like that. This was so much work and now it's almost dark. I like you but don't do that ever again."
"I am so sorry I didn't know", said Mia. She was afraid of the sudden change in Machet's voice. It reminded Mia that she was still a potentially dangerous stranger. "What was that thing?"
"It's my home security system. I developed it myself." She was crawling on the floor picking up various twigs, rope and the bags full of stones. "When somebody unwanted enters my cave I will know about it. Especiall when you are sleeping at night this have saved my life twice already. Without it, I couldn't close an eye at night but with this, I sleep like a little baby."
"Can I help you with any of that? Please, I didn't know", said Mia.
"No, I don't need your help with this. It is too complicated for anybody else than me", said Machete. Her voice had lost some of the anger and hostility. "You can get your stuff and mine inside and look for some firewood and tinder. I need the light and it would be nice to have a warm fire for supper."
Mia brought their backpacks inside the cave. Around the corner the ceiling got very low and Mia needed to go down on her knees and hands. The room was small but felt a lot warmer than the outside. And they were sheltered from the weather and wind. She saw some marks on the walls, with white chalk or something. Some looked like drawings of people, some like a map but the light was so dim Mia couldn't make out any specifics.
She went outside, trying not to disturb the working Machete and find some fire wood. The sun was setting and darkness crept over the forest quickly. She took her small axe with her but found a lot of dead wood lying on the ground. Very close to the cave was an array of birch trees. Machete had found a perfect hiding place inside these woods.
Everytime Mia came back with firewood piled up on her arms, Machete told her, "More", and kept working on tthe security system. Mia went out four times before Machete was satisfied with the amount of wood they had for the night. A huge pile of branches leaned on the outside wall of the cave. Mia started chopping them into smaller pieces and preparing the tinder.
It took Machete several hours and a dozen tries until the trap was finally finshed. Mia felt worse and worse with every time, the trap activated on itself. She feared Machete would get even more angry with her but she didn't. Mia made sure the fire burned high and the flames gave off enough light to work with. The forest was pitch black after a few dozen metres. The shadows of trees and rocks danced in the red light. Distorted figures flew over the ground and vanished. Only the wind and the fire made noises with an occassional curse from Machete. The woods felt dead but alive at the same time. The silence was dangerous.
They shared some food with each other. Mia gave up some of her potatoes and Machete gave her dried fruits, nuts and even some hard yellow cheese.
"Where the hell did you get cheese from?", said Mia. She was so excited to finally taste something else than potatoes and dried fruit. The cheese was very hard but it tasted like real cheese and that was enough for Mia.
"You know, I come around", said Machete. She sharpened her blade with a stone. The flames reflected from the polished steel. "In some corners of this world there are good people. People who know how to do things the old fashioned way. I bring them news and sometimes some rabbits or deer and they give me what they have in return. But the days are getting harder my friend. The woods are empty, every animal has disappeared. They are all dead, dead, dead." With every dead she said Machete went over the blade with her grindstone. The sound sent goose bumps over Mia's body.
"Where I come from they say the same things. Everything is dying", said Mia.
"Normally, I don't come so far to the south. My terretory is far, far away by now. Probably weeks by foot."
"But I thought you said this was your home?", asked Mia.
"And it is." Machete stopped sharpeneing her blade and looked in the fire. "I have many homes. Caves, tree houses, abandoned houses, ruins, cars. Everything that let's you sleep with closed eyes through the night I call home."
Machete and Mia finished their supper in silence. They sat around the fire for a while, enjoying the warmth and the little light that fought against the darkness outside.
"Let's go inside. We need to get going early tomorrow. And don't trip over the security line again or you will stay up the whole night and stand guard." Machete went inside and fell asleep within seconds.

<center>* * *

Mia woke up to a grey cave. The light was faint and obscured so she couldn't see much. She had dreamt of her parents, she was fighting them. They had turned into angry beasts with long claws and wings on their back. Mia heard something rustle behind her. She looked up from her improvised bed of pine twigs. Machete sqautted over Mia's backpack with the map from Moira in her hands. She squinted her eyes.
"What are you doing with my stuff?", asked Mia. She tried to hide her anger because she was definitely in a disadvantage when it would come to a fight. She was depending on Machete's good will, so she needed to keep calm and resolve this without any misssteps.
"Oh I didn't know you were awake." She quickly folded the map together and put it back into the bag. "You have to forgive me I am just such a noisy person. I saw your backpack there and thought about that map. You know there aren't that many maps of this place and I find it interesting to see the forest you live in from far above. I didn't steal anything, you'll see. I wouldn't do that."
"It's fine", said Mia. "I just don't want anybody to damage that map. It's my only way of survival."
"You could come with me, if you want."
Mia hesitated. If I say something wrong she will get angry again, she thought. She decided to lie instead.
"That's really nice of you but Eran is already expecting me. He would worry if I don't meet up with him soon and I already wasted a few days because I went in circles around these woods."
"Yeah, sure." Machete stood up, got her backpack and machete and went outside. "Eat something. We will head out in a few minutes."
Quickly Mia went through her stuff. Nothing was missing as far as she could see. The only thing she must have been interested in was the map. If I follow her she could lead me into a trap. But if I don't follow her and want to go my own way she could get angry and make me follow her. But even if I get away, I already followed her lead for a whole day. I could be anyhwere by now. The thought raced throgh Mia's head.
She grabbed some breakfast, stood up and went outside.



[PB]






<center>*Richard escapes from the tower*



"That black eyed bitch parried my sword", ranted Scarlett. "Look at this shit." She held up her blade. The steel was perfect expect a notch in the upper middle of the blade. While Scarlett was trying to get away from the others she sliced at them, got two of them but the third raised an old metal pipe and parried the hit. Scarlett was so startled, she paniced and ran away.
"Since when do they pick up shit and fight you with it, hm? I mean don't you find that odd?"
Richard and Zoey nodded. It was indeed strange of the others to behave like this. Normally they were simple and predictable like animals. Their only strenght was in numbers and grouping together in packs. Sometimes more than a dozen at a time. They ran at their prey and tried to overwhelme by sheer brute force but not with tools or weapons. This one black eye was different.
"Do you think we should go back there?", Zoey asked. "Maybe we find the weapons. I feel really naked without an automatic rifle on my squad to be completely honest." The death of Dimitri had affected Zoey a lot more than Richard had thought. They never spoke more than they had to and he hang out with Scarlett all the time. But when Scarlett told them what happened, she began shouting at her. Richard was afraid she might hit her and went between the two but Zoey lost all control and walked away to cool off.
"Why don't you do that. And while you are at it, grab me some potatoe chips and a coke from the supermarket."
"Shut up you stupid bitch", Zoey shouted back. "You are the reason we are starving in a fucking bell tower. Couldn't you keep your panties on for a few more days?"
"You are just jealous that he liked me more than you. Everybody saw how you looked at him."
"Stop it", Richard shouted and jumped up. "The both of you. This is ridiculous. We need to start working together to get out of this before we really starve to death."
"Say that to her, I didn't start it." Starlett stood up and went up the stairs. She spent most of the night up there. First she cried a lot and Richard tried to comfort her. She cried on his shoulder, told him all that happened over in that house. Some of the details he didn't want to hear but he didn't say anything. Richard had never seen Scarlett cry. Even after her father died, she never shed a tear in front of him or anybody else. He had asked. She had kept it all inside.
After the crying she said she wanted to be alone. It took her almost until midday to come back down and sit with Zoey and Richard. They had been trying to get through the door but it wouldn't give. The wood was too hard and thick. They tried using Scarlett's sword but it would only make the blade blunt. Richard felt the walls closing in on him, closer and cloer with every hour that passed. His throat was dry, his stomach growled every few minutes.
"Let's think about it guys", Richard began. "We have only one option out of this. The window."
"Congratulations, Captain Obvious", Scarlett said.
Richard ignored her. "So we need a way to get safely down there. Did any of you find something useful for that?" He started playing with his spear in his hands, trying to peel off the bark.
"Let's see", Zoey said. Richard was banking on her input way more than Scarlett's. She had become even more toxic than before and Richard was afraid to say something that made her more angry. "There are some pretty white bones down there. I think we have a mother with two children, or a father. Who knows, nobody cares. Then we have a lot of dust and spiderwebs, a huge ass bell hanging from the roof and yeah. That's it."
"Don't forget our own things. Two spears, a blade, a belt full of throwing knives and our clothes. Well, fuck." Richard threw his spear against the brick wall.
"Our clothes", Scarlett said. Richard and Zoey looked at her as if she had gone completely crazy. "Didn't you watch any movies when you were younger?"
"You can't be serious", Zoey said. Richard wasn't getting any of it. But what he did like was Scarlett unbuttoning her shirt. Last night he had dreamt of her on top of him, naked like he saw her jump through that window.
"Look", Scarlett took her shirt ont he end of both sleeves. "This is like one and a half metre. We have three of them. That makes over four metres worth of rope. We can tie it to the stairs, climb down. The rest we jump and roll and everything is fine." She looked at Richard. "And stop staring you pervert. Nothing you haven't seen already anyway."
"I am already freezing to death. What if it doesn't work?", Zoey brought up.
"If you want to freeze and starve in here, I won't tell you otherwise. Be my guest", Scarlett stated coldly. "That means I need your jeans, Dick."
Zoey looked at Richard. Richard looked somewhere on the ground, trying to avoid looking at Scarlett's naked breast.
"Okay", Zoey said after a minute of silence. "Let's strip. But we get everything off, except underwear. We tie it all together, make the longest rope possible and hope nobody breaks a leg while going down."
"My skirt is off limits", Scarlett said. She looked nervous now.
"Why so shy all of the sudden?", Richard asked.
"Not that it's any of your business", Scarlett said. "But I left my underwear in that house over there. So I kind of don't want to be completely naked while you two aren't. I have my pride too."
"Fair enough, princess." Zoey had already thrown her shirt on the ground and was pulling down her pants. Her breasts were totally different than Scarlett's. Big and full with huge circles under her nipples.
Richard stripped too. They tied the individual pieces together and controlled every knot three times before tieing it to the railing of the stairway. The cloth rope almost reached all the way down to the ground. Leaving them with an easy jump at the end to the ground.
"What if any of the black eyes are still around and watching?", Richard asked them while the three looked down.
"I cut off their heads one after the other", Scarlett said. A devish smile went over her face.
"Who goes first?", Zoey asked quietly. Nobody said a word. They all knew, this plan was risky and could let one of them lying on the floor with broken legs. An easy target for an afternoon snack.
"I go." It surprised Richard the most hearing these words come out of his mouth. But he knew he wanted to do it. You are dead weight, dead weight. It had repeating inside his head over and over again. But this, he could do. He could be the guine pig for their plan. If this rope could hold him, the other two girls had nothing to fear.
"I will do it. If I get down there, I run back to our backpacks and get you some actual rope to climb down."
"Let's think about..", Zoey tried.
"No", Richard had made up his mind. "I will do it. You too try to keep the rope in place." He pushed them both back from the window, his arm gently brushed against one of the breasts. Richard couldn't tell which one it was. His hands were shaking. His throat felt like someone poured sand down there.
"Hold on tight, Richard", Scarlett smiled at him.
"We believe in you", Zoey's eyes looked wet and sad. Does she care about me, thought Richard.
He wanted to say something but the words got stuck in his mouth. After a quick nod he went backwards through the window and went down on his knees. He looked back at the two girls, half naked holding onto a rope made of their clothes. He grabbed the rope, firmly with both hands, and crawled out the window. His feet against the wall, he made his way slowly down. The rope was shaky and felt like it would unwind any moment. Richard descended down, his hands were sweaty. He looked down for a moment. I am almost there, he thought.
Then there were two ropes. One of the knots didn't hold the weight of him and let Richard fall down. He wanted to cry out, but he couldn't. The ground raced towards him, his arms paddled through the air as if he could slow down his descent like this. But air wasn't water and neither was the ground.
Luckily for Richard he landed first on his feet and the trained reflexes kicked in. Hundreds of times they had trained it at the academy. Jumping down and rolling was cemented into his muscle memory. His body reacted because his mind would have been to slow.
"RICHARD", Zoey and Scarlett cried out together.
Richard started laughing. It started with a chuckle and then he laughed so hard his stomach stopped hurting for a moment. He couldn't see because Scarlett's shirt landed on his face. Richard swiped it away and examined his feet and legs. Everything seemed okay.
"Are you alright? What's so funny?", Scarlett shouted from above.
"Your shirt smells so bad, Scar", he shouted back.
"We all smell like shit, so shut up." But Richard noticed even from down below her face was getting red. "Catch", was all Richard heard and then jumped away just in time. The shining sword stuck perfectly in the ground.
"Are you fucking crazy?", Richard shouted angrily. The blade had only missed him by a hand lenght. He went up to it and tried to pull it out of the ground. He heard Zoey shout something at him from the tower but he only saw a shadow on the polished side of the blade. Richard turned to his left and saw them running at him. The one woman with a metal pipe in her hand was leading them on.
The ground released the blade to Richard and he started running. As fast as his tired legs could get him away from them. His throat did already hurt as hell. He heard someone grunt and cry out in pain. Richard didn't turn around. He needed to run.



[PB]






<center>*Marc confronts his father*



"We searched his home", reported Craig to Steven Rhodes. Craig stood straight like a statue and Steven leaned against the fireplace. It was rarely used but firewood was always stockpiled next to it. A painting of a french night scene hang above the brick structure. "We found what we were looking for. He used the tools to presumably make weapons. We have confiscated everything and will get it back where it belongs."
"Did anybody see you come out of his house with the stolen goods?", asked Steven.
"Yes, Sir. A dozen people and four other guards saw me enter and come out of the building."
"Good. You can go now, Craig. Thanks for your loyalty and hard work. I will not forget it."
"Thank you, Sir. Good night, Sir." Craig turned around, nodded quickly when he saw Marc standing in the doorway and rushed past him. When his footsteps died down, Marc muster all the courage he had inside of him and went up to his father.
"Where is he?", shouted Marc. His father sat on the couch, drinking someof his priceless whisky. Their last cook had dropped a half full bottle of that burning liquid and Steven Rhode threw him into a cell for a whole month. After that he needed to work extra hours on the fields.
"Lower your voice or I will throw in another cell." When Steven spoke every word became cold and sharp like razor blades.
"Fine. Do it. I don't care what you do to me. I want Brian released."
"So you are demanding now", said Steven. His eyes glimmered. "You are a disgrace for this family. With one of the workers, Marc? In a tool shed?"
"Your are just upset because he is a guy." Marc's vision of his father sitting on the couch got blurry. His hands and voice began to shake. "If it had been a girl you would have never said anything."
"That's is totally absurd." Steven looked into the fireplace. It was dark and empty. "I never said anything against your.. your different desires. Don't paint me as something that I am not."
"Okay, sure. But why didn't you give me a guy when we went to this.. this place. Why a girl if you were so okay with it? Why not let me choose who I want or if I even want one of them at all."
"I thought you would like her. I wanted to make you a present."
"A present", whispered Marc. "You thought a good present for your fifteen year old son was a prostitute?"
"It's time for you to grow up. In this world the weak die and the strong surivive. What will you do with my business when I die? I built all of this with my own hands and then I have to leave it to you? No, I won't allow it. I wanted to change you. Make you into someone worthy of being my son. And then you do this to me."
Tears started running down his face. His knuckles went white. "I cannot change and I don't want to. I am a disgrace? What does this make you then?"
"You do not talk to me like this", shouted Steven. The glass shattered in the cold fireplace. Marc flinched. "I am still your father. I have done so much for you and this is how you repay me? After your mother sacrificed her life to save yours. After all we have done for you. You are weak and pathetic."
Marc wanted to shout and hit his father, scratch his stupid face off, hit him so often Marc's knuckles could paint the walls in a new violent red. The rage bubbled up inside of him. But he didn't do anything. He couldn't. The tears rolled over his cheeks, the salt taste on his lips.
"She loved you so much. And I loved her. She made me promise to take care of you so I did. I looked the other way when you were rather playing with the girls than the boys. I thought it would make you into a better man. How foolish." He spat out the words. "Then you kissed that boy." Steven made a pause. His knuckles went white, he looked away but his face was distorted in anger.
"Why don't you ever show me some strenght? Something that I know you are my son and not a toyboy. But I will find a way to make a man out of you. You will not leave this house without my permission anymore. The only thing you can do for me is embarrass me in front of my men. Get out of my sight, son." Steven spat out the last word like an insult. Like it was poison.
Marc ran away. He slammed the door when he finally arrived in his room. The tears shook his body, waves of anger and sadness came over him. The pillow felt the punches but it wasn't enough. It was too soft. But the wall wasn't.

<center>* * *

With bloody knuckles and red eyes, Marc walked onto his balcony. The air was cool and in the late afternoon sun black rain clouds formed in the west. The guards walked around the property and a dog barked in the distance. By now the workers were coming home and ate with their communities. Families were rare in these times but everybody had been living in different communities moddelled after a real family.
Steven Rhode walked out of the front door beneath Marc's feet. He took his usual evening rounds to gather all the relevant news and information about the colony. "A great leader", Marc's father used to say, "is never on the same level as his subordinants. But he makes them feel as if they are so they will tell them everything like they would a friend." And they really did. Steven Rhodes was loved from most of the people in the colony. He had given them safety, food and shelter. Without the medication everybody would have turned into black eyes and they were thanking him every day.
Marc's father got on a bike and the two guards behind him followed. The gate shut behind him and Marc turned around. He needed to be quick. His father would drive around for about an hour and a half. Not much time for what he needed to accomplish. Not much time at all.
He peeked outside his room, the hallway was empty. Isabelle was nowhere to be seen. Marc sneaked across, three doors down he stopped at his father's bedroom. For a few seconds Marc listened if Isabelle was cleaning inside Steve's room but he couldn't hear anything. She must be downstairs, Marc thought.
As silently as possible Marc opened the door and snuck inside. Steven Rhode's bedroom was simple and cold as the man himself. A large bed on the left wall accompanied by a nightstand on either side. A wardrobe and a few drawers complete the interior. Steven wasn't a fan of plants. On the walls he had hung his favourite paintings. Marc went up to an oil painting with a woman in a red dress walking down a street. She protected herself from the rain with a white umbrella.
Marc took the painting from the wall. it was heavy and he almost dropped it. Behind the painting was Steven's personal safe. In there he had photographs of Marc's mother and of Marc himself when he was younger. His father and Marc had looked at the pictures together and had tried to remember what she was like. They talked until late at night and Marc had fallen asleep in his father's arms. But it had been over two years since they had done something like it.
The code was simple. Marc had figured it out years ago. The birthday of his mother. After a quiet clicking sound he opened the safe. Marc didn't bother with looking at the photographs, he only cared for the handgun with silencer in the bottom drawer of the safe. If felt heavy and cold in his hands. Marc took the two clips next to it as well and closed it back off.
After he had hung the painting back over the safe, Marc wanted to leave. He stopped for a second looked back at the picture, aimed with the gun and shot. The bullet pierced the painting right where the head of the woman had been. He stuck the weapon into his pants at his back and put the shirt over top.

<center>* * *

The house was dark and empty when Marc walked across the hallway. Electricity was expensive and couldn't be wasted for something as basic as light. The Rhode household had a generator in the basement but Marc's father rarely used it at all. He used the diesel rather for his cars than to power some lamps. Marc was about to take the stairs down..
"Marc." Isabelle's voice sounded concerned and warm. "Come here for a second. I heard about the fight you and your father had."
Marc slowly turned around. She came from one of the bathrooms, her arms wide open ready to squeeze him tightly against her breast. The gun pressed with its cold metal against Marc's back.
"It's okay, Isabelle", Marc muffled into her voluminous breasts. "I just need some time to cool off."
"Okay? That doesn't sound at all like you." She pressed him away from herself and look at him with her big brown eyes. There was a warm and welcoming shimmer in her eyes. Something Marc had always loved about her. Something his father would never have.
"I don't know all the details", began Isabelle again, "but from what I've heard your father was way out of line. And it is definitely not okay what he said about you. He should be ashamed of himself. And you should not feel bad because you love someone."
Time was running through Marc's fingers and he needed to cut her off somehow.
"I think you are out of line." Marc went a step back. "My father is still Steven Rhode and not somebody you are allowed to talk foul things about. I don't think you are allowed to have an opinion about this at all. You are here to clean and tidy up after us and not be someone you are not."
"Forgive me, Mister Rhode." Isabelle looked at Marc's feet. He could see she was about to start crying. "I just wanted to comfort you a little. I never wanted to upset you. I am so sorry, Mister Rhode."
"And you think it would comfort me when you insult my family?" Marc shouted by now, he could feel sweat on his hands. Isabelle shrunk down before him. Her shoulders shuddered. The breasts bounced up and down slightly with every deep breath she took. "You are not my mother. She is dead. Don't treat me like I am your little boy. I am a man. I am Marc Rhode." The tears began to drop on the marble floor.
"All this time your were making me soft. Telling me it was okay to cry. Making me into a girl. You were the one you encouraged me to play with the girls if I wanted to. I came to you, when I kissed that boy. You should have told me it was wrong and not put these twisted thoughts into my head." The words stumbled over each other. Marc's voice cracked. "I am not weak."
"I never said anything like that. I think you are very strong, Mister Rhode. When you.." Isabele sobbed. She never held up when Marc's father had shouted at her when she broke something or forgot to clean his paintings the right way. "When you..", she began again.
"I don't want hear it." Marc felt spit on his lips and brushed it off with the back of his hand. "You said you wanted to confort me?"
"Yes, I wanted that, only that. Never anthing else, I swear. I didn't know."
"Go into my room", said Marc and pressed his teeth together. He got his voice under control again. The words went over his lips easily. With the tip of his tongue he licked over his lips.
"What?", asked Isabelle. She looked up from his feet. Her eyes were swollen and tears smeared all over her face. She sniveled. Big brown eyes.
"I said", Marc took out the gun and pointed it at her, "Get into my room."
Isabelle cried out with a shrill voice but felt silent quickly. She pressed her hands over her mouth. Slowly she turned around and went into Marc's room. Marc followed her and kept pointing the gun at her back. He could feel the weight in his hand, the power. Would a weak little boy do this, father?, he thought. I will show you.
Marc closed the door behind him. Isabelle stood in the middle of the room sobbing. She was never a tall woman but now she shrunk down even further. Marc turned towards her.
"Put off your clothes." The words echoed inside Marc's mind. The gun still pointed at Isabelle. Marc never felt a sexual desire towards Isabelle. Her body didn't excite him at all.
"Please Mister Rhode, I don't.."
"Did I ask you a question, maid?" Without waiting for a response. "Put them off and go over to the bed." He waved her over with his gun.
When Isabelle started to undress herself Marc could feel his penis press against his pants. His body began to tremble in anticipation. He licked over his lips. The clothes fell to the ground one after the other and Isabelle continued to cry. Her body was how he had expected it. The breasts were large and hung down. Her hair were so long they touched her naked butt. It didn't do anything to Marc seeing her like that. When he saw Brian without a shirt he felt something else.
Marc put that thought of Brian as far away as possible. "Over to the bed", whispered Marc. His penis pulsated. Her bush was darker than the hair on her head.
"Please Mister Rhode, I... "
"Did I give you permission to speak?" Marc cut her off. His penis began to hurt imprisoned inside his pants. "Now touch herself and make it nice and wet for me." Marc put down the gun and started pulling down his pants.
"No, not like this. Use your tears." Isabelle looked at him with wide opened eyes and opened her mouth. But she didn't say anything. She collected her tears from her eyes, cheeks and lips and started rubbing it between her other lips.
"No, not that one", said Marc. "The other hole."



[PB]






<center>*Richard fights his way back*



Richard leaned against a wall inside an old store. They must have sold clothes in here, some of them were still here but were more holes than fabric. He had trouble catching his breath. His legs hurt and the blade in his hand felt heavier than before. Two of them. He killed two, the others were to slow to catch up. The one with the pipe in her hands had hit Richard on his left forearm. The pain pulsated. Richard couldn't use the arm anymore. It hung down next to his body and whenever he tried to lift it up, the pain shot threw his body. The arm felt like dead weight he had to carry around.
Richard cleaned the blade with some of the rotten fabric he found in the shop. The blade went right through her chest after Richard cried out in pain. With the heavy hit against him, she had left herself open to a counter attack. The other one had no arms anymore and was easy prey for Richard. He had sliced open half of the black eyes' neck and a wave of blood crashed onto the street and shortly after, the body did too.
It was getting dark and Richard had to move quickly to get back to their packs. He had to make a detour to get away from his predators and now the hill where they stashed their stuff was still quite far away. In this light it will be difficult to find the right spot again, Richard thought. He put on two shirts that protected just enough against the cold outside. He also found a black jeans, almost unchanged by nature.
The streets were empty when Richard left the store. The windows shattered, the glass was still there. Some of it has been blown away by the wind or picked up by survivors but the rest was still there. The pieces cracked when Richard stepped on them. Some cars had been left behind on either side of the streets. Not one of them had not been raided for supplies. Inbetween the crack of the street plants rose to meet the sky.
The wind blew and Richard felt the cold seep through the holes of his shirts. How would Zoey and Scarlett feel right now? They didn't have any clothes left, they were all lying on the ground just out of reach for them. Richard was afraid when he came back there would be only one of them left. They were probably fighting already.
Richard couldn't think about that right now. He needed to get back to the packs and bring them some rope that would actually hold and let them out their prison. His left arm hurt, the blade weighed heavy in his right hand. He felt dizzy and his throught was dry as sand. Every step was met with more pain in his arm and used up the bits of energy he still had.
Going up the hill was the toughest part. The tree line was still a good kilometre away and Richard needed to go up there. After ten steps he always stopped, looked back over his shoulder if anybody followed him and listened. He listened for foot steps, the sound of the church bell, for anything really. But the town was dead silent.
He need two more breaks on the way up the hill but he finally made it to the tree line. The sun had gone behind the horizon and it was dark between the trees. Richard followed back the steps they took down to the town and found their packs still suspended in the air like they left them.
Richard tried to untie the rope which held the backpacks up in the air but with one useless arm it was impossible to do anything. He cut the rope with Scarlett's blade instead. The four backpacks fell to the ground. Richard kneeled down and opened his own one to get something to drink. He chugged half of the water bottle with out putting it down. The cold water hurt in his throat but he drank it anyway with big gulps. Then he ate a little of his food, just enough to make the pain go away and to shut up his stomach.
The rope inside his bag was not long enough, even when he tied it together with the rope that had suspended the backpacks in the air. He didn't want to take any risks and get back with a rope that was a few metres too short. Richard grabbed Scarlett's bag and looked for another rope. He couldn't find any so he checked the side pockets. On the right he found a picture and unfolded it. It showed a man with black hair and glasses and a little girl on top of his shoulders.
This must be her father, Richard thought. He was probably dead because Richard never saw this man in the colony and whenever he went over to Scar's place only her mother was there and opened the door for him. Richard was one of the few lucky ones with both parents still alive. Very few had that kind of luxury. They all lost someone to the others or to starvation or disease.
Richard found another, long rope in Zoey's backpack. He didn't go near Dimitri's bag. He packed inside his bag all of their water bottles, some food and distributed everything else inside the other bags. Only the medical kit he kept for safety. Sadly there were no painkillers for the pulsating pain in his left arm. On top he put the three ropes, already tied together with sturdy knots. The rest of their stuff he covered up with some leaves and  twigs so it was atleast a little hidden from potential wanderers. Not that they saw anybody except the black eyes but Richard wanted to be careful.
With his right arm, he shouldered the bag. The pain in his left arm forced him to be very slow and careful. Hopefully Scarlett and Zoey didn't throw each other out that window when he came back.

<center>* * *

The sun had disappeared behind the horizon and the faint, silver glow of the moon was barelay enough to see the ground under Richard's feet. It was dangerous walking around at night without any torches or flashlights. But Richard had neither and he for sure didn't have time to wait for the next morning. Zoey and Scarlett didn't have any clothes and they would freeze and catch a cold or something and that could mean not only the end of their mission but the end for them. Catching a cold in the wild was hard to overcome. Richard was very concerned. These two were like powder kegs and it wouldn't take much to make them explode and kill at least one of them.
Richard tried to walk faster but the uneven ground made it hard to go forth any faster. He saw the silouhettes of houses in front of him and even the bell tower rose up black into the night sky. The stars watched from above while Richard finally reached the main street that would lead him straight into the heart of the town and with it, the church.
His steps echoed from the houses around him. Richard couldn't hear anything but himself. His breath, his heartbeat. He walked slowly, trying not to touch anything so he wouldn't make too much noise. His boots weren't good for sneaking but he didn't have anything else. His left arm hung like dead meat besides him. In his right hand he held the Scar's blade, ready to fight, ready to kill.
It felt to Richard like an eternity when he finally saw the church building before him. He was shivering. His clothes were wet from his sweat and his heart pounded in his ears. The bell tower was right ahead. Richard checked the surrounding. It was totally quiet, nothing moved but he couldn't see very much. Only shadows who didn't move but looked like they did and the whispers of the wind.
Richard saw the broken window where he escape from. He saw the shadow of the chruch bench on the ground and then he saw his spear stuck in the ground. Why did they throw out his spear? His heart pounded faster. Richard thought he was too late. They already fought and somebody was dead. Was it Zoey or Scarlett lying here dead on the ground? Richard caught himself thinking about whom he wanted to see more dead on the ground. He sent the thought as far away as possible. This was not him.
He came up to the body and felt all the worry fall from his body. The corpse on the ground was definitely none of the two girls, even in the faint light Richard saw it. The spear had pierced the poor man in the upper back and probably went right through him. Richard went towards the bell tower, collected the ripped cloth rope from the ground and stood still to listen for any dangers around him. He didn't hear anything, nothing from above.
"Pssst", whispered Richard. When he barely heard it, whereever the girls were they would never hear it. He had to take the risk and make some more noise. "Hey, guuuuuys?", he said. Now louder but still nothing happened. They both fought and fell down the stairs and broke their necks, Richard thought. His heart pounded faster again. He was too late. He couldn't rescue them anymore and the mission failed completely. Where would he go now? There was no place for failures in the academy. He maybe would get a job on the fields if he asked crying on his knees.
"Guuuuys?", Richard tried it again. "It's meeeee!" He felt stupid shouting that. Who else would it be if not me, Richard thought. He looked up longingly, wanting to see one of their faces pop out of the window. A sign of them that they were still alive.
The silhouette of a face appeared against the faint lit night sky. Richard couldn't tell who it was. "Did take you long enough, Dick." It was Scarlett's face. Richard felt tears of relieve coming from his eyes. He wasn't too late. Before he could ask, a second head appeared next to Scar's.
"Our prince has finally come to save our innocent souls. Should I let my hair down to help you up, my prince." It was Zoey's voice. They were okay, he was not too late.
"You two had me worried there for a minute." Richard ignored Zoey's joke. "Or two", he added silently.
"No playing around and throw up the rope. We are freezing like crazy", said Zoey. "And look out for any of the others."
Richard threw up the rope. He had tied a stone to one end of it to make it easier to throw. He heard the stone hit the stone stairs inside the tour and Scarlett's voice shouting down, "Got it."
Richard was on the lookout. He tried to listen carefully tot he surroundings but his heart was louder than anything else. He raised the blade from where he layed it down. He looked left, then right. Nothing.
When he looked up again, somebody was already climbing down. Slowly did the shadow descend towards Richard. When she came closer he saw it was the silhouette of Zoey. Her breasts gave it away.
She was shaking. She hugged him. It was a long and tight hug. Richard felt her breasts pressing against his body, he felt the cold skin on his own and her breath on his neck. She wrapped her arms around him and pressed stronger. Hesitently Richard wrapped his arms around her body. "Thank you", she whispered. He didn't want to let go but Zoey realeased him from the hug and he had to let her go.
"Don't mention it", was the only thing he could get out in this moment.
"You got some clothes for me or did they get destroyed", asked Zoey. She emphasized the word destroyed so it let blood rush into Richard's cheeks.
"No, no", stuttered Richard. "They are over there on the ground. You have to untie them."
"Couln't you have done that for us?", asked Scarlett from behind Richard. She had gone down so fast and silently he hadn't noticed it at all. When Richard turned around Scarlett hugged him too. It was not as tight and intimate as Zoey did it but still it was something. After days of a cold shoulder Richard couldn't complain.
"Let's move guys before they come back for us", said Scarlett and went past Richard. "You got mine untied too, Zoey?"
"Just a second. Here you go." Richard saw the two shadows trade something and both of the girls put on their old clothes.
The two girls started walking but Richard froze where he stood. It must be the light, this can't be happening, he thought. The two girls were holding hands.
"You got anything to eat for us. I am starving."



[PB]






<center>*Mia and Maschete go seperate ways*



"Well this is where we part ways I guess", said Machete. She was looking at Mia with a sad face. It made her look twenty years younger.
"Yeah, I guess it is", Mia responded. She was sad too. She didn't trust Machete a hundred percent but it was nice having a companion and guide while wandering through the forest. "I really don't know how to thank you. I don't have anything to give to you."
"Oh don't be silly. I don't want anything from you. It was a real pleasure meeting you and it's nice talking to someone. It gets real lonely out here, you know?" Machete had shown Mia one of her secret stashes of food. All around the forest she hid nuts and vegetables. Sometime in the trees above the ground, sometimes in even inside the trunks of trees. Machete had told Mia much about the forest and how she was able to survive all this time.
"You didn't mention where you are heading?", asked Mia.
"I guess I will venture forth and see where the land takes me", answered Machete. "Maybe I find another girl in need of rescue and then I have another talking buddy for a few days. Maybe the next one will be a cute man, tall with long hair and strong arms."
"I don't think he would be in need of help then, would he?"
"Sometimes even the strongest need help. Sometimes they are even the ones that need help the most. But now enough with this talk. I hate goodbye's I get emotional so quickly. Come here, Mia."
Machete grabbed her and pressed herself against Mia's body. Mia smelled the sweat and dirt on Machete's body. It wasn't disgusting or unpleasant. It just fitted her perfectly.
"I will miss you", whispered Machete into Mia's ear.
Because Mia didn't know what to say she said, "I will miss you too." Machete released Mia from the hug and looked her up and down.
"Maybe we will meet again."
"Yes. Maybe." And with that Machete went off, looked back one last time and waved at Mia. Then she disappeared behind the trees. Mia was alone again.

<center>* * *

Machete had left Mia on a cliff. Below her the ground dropped off and Mia was to afraid to walk close to the edge and see how far down the next patch of ground was. The valley span across the earth as far as Mia could see. On her right, three hills sprung up to the sky, the closest to Mia was definitely the highest. Its top wasn't covered in trees anymore but rocky and steep. Mia dreaded the way up to the hill top already. Her thighs bruned and her back hurt. Machete had sped through the forest like she wanted to outrun and invisible predator.
She took a sip from her water bottle, the water was ice cold. The forest around her was getting scarier after Machete had left Mia alone. The trees had this strange aura around them. Mia felt not welcome here and they had their own way of showing it. Leaves rustled and the wind always blew against her face. At least Mia was already half way up the hill she needed to climb.
The heavy staff Mia carried around was more a burden than a token of safety. It's heavy nature made it unpractical to carry around all the time but Mia had no other weapon. Her small hatchet was dangerous to use against a black eye and against other survivors probably completely useless. Hiding was her best option but it seemed to Mia, the trees hid everything from her but she was walking in an open field, easy to spot, easy to hunt down.
On the way up the hill Mia finally saw a bird. It sat high up in a tree and sang its shrill song. The leaves and branches didn't let Mia get a good look at him but she took as a good sign. Some of the world was still alive. Not all was dead after all.
Memories of her old apartment came back to Mia. She tried to push them back, deep inside of a corner of her mind but without anybody silencing her inner voice, it was free to speak and torture. Her brain got flooded with images of her two fathers. Of happy times and sad times. Once at school, Stuart Morton, but everybody called him Stu, had benn calling her names and making fun of her parents. Not a lot of children understood why she had no mother and that her mother didn't die. But the adults had been the worst. Stu wasn't the problem but his parents were. Mia's parents went straight to the principal after Mia had cried at home and told them everything. Stu stopped harassing Mia but he and most of the other kids made big circles around her.
But now Stu and his stupid parents were most likely dead. Maybe this was a very twisted way of the universe's justice.
The trees looked all the same after a while. Moss and bushes covered the earth beneath Mia's boots but they repeated themselves over and over again. Everything looked the same but different at the same time. The only reference point for Mia was the valley and she could follow the slope of the hill. There was no way I can get lost again, thought Mia.
The sun went top of Mia and prepared to kiss the horizon good night. The wind blew stronger and the air got colder. Mia didn't have thick, heavy clothes but she wrapped Moira's blancet around her shoulders again. It helped a little. The faint smell of Moira's favourite perfume still lingered between the individual strings of the fabric. A touch of vanilla, everything else was unidentifiable for Mia.
In the golden light of the sun Mia had almost climb the whole hill. The trees were now growing further apart and Mia could see the top of the hill almost all the time now. Bushes and moss didn't conquer these parts and the ground became more rocky and stiff. Mia scanned her surroundings for any good camp site for the night. She didn't want to hide out the whole night in a tree but she also didn't trust sleeping on the ground as an easy target.
At the tip of the hill, trees had no place anymore. Maybe Mia could find a secluded little cave or rock formation and camp for the night in there. Eran must come by the top and she needed to be there from the first light to the last at night. He could come by at every minute, Moira didn't specify anything.
Mia came by a small creek flowing down the hillside. The water was so cold she couldn't keep her hands in the water without hurting. She filled her bottle regardless and put it back inside her pack. Water so close to the top was perfect. She was afraid she would have to walk all the way down for the next flowing water.
Half of the sun already sunk beneath the horizon when Mia finally reached the top. It was a big rock formation and Mia saw no way of getting on top of it. She went around and then a second and a thrid time before she noticed a little hidden stairway carved into the stone. It led up to a plateau that overlooked the whole valley and the other side as well. Mia could see some smoke in the east rising. It couldn't be her camp but certainly another.
Mia found shelter besides a big rock, it hid her from the whipping wind that ravaged over the hill. She had done it. She had reached the top and now began the hardest part. Waiting for a miracle and hoping Eran would come and help her find a permanent home. A safe place in this dangerous and lonely forest.
She went further around and found a good sized niche between three different rocks. Like three hands they folded themselves together and wrapped themselves around Mia. They built a small roof and sheltered her from almost every side. There she found a few blancets, some food and even two books. Mia hadn't seen any books at her camp and she had almsot forgot how to read. It was hard to decypher the letters because the covered were ripped and washed out. The one in better condition read, "Donald Trump - the worst american president in history".



[PB]






<center>*Richard and his squad go to the next mission detail*



"I don't see any guards, do you?", asked Zoey.
"None", responded Scarlett. "I don't think they have more than twenty people in their camp. It should be easy to infiltrate and finish our mission." She had big, black bags under her eyes and she looked more pale than ever. Scarlett wasn't sleeping much after they left the bell tower. Everytime Richard did his night shift, Scarlett began screaming or punching the air in her sleep. She never slept through the night and it has taken a toll on her.
"I still think this is a bda idea. How do we know they won't die without their water tower?", said Richard. He had been growing more and more concerned about this last part of their mission. Normally the graduation missions were all recon missions. Scout out the surroundings, protocoll changes and get back with new information to the headquarters. They did pictures of the surrounding area of the small town they were in. But this was something on a different level.
"It doesn't matter", said Zoey. "This is our objective and we have to go through with it or fail. And I will not fail so close to the end."
"I totally agree."
"But don't you care at all about these people? They try to survive too, just like us." They had had this discussion before but then Richard had back down quickly. Now, so close to the task at hand, he had second thoughts about it. He wasn't a killer but this was close to murder if they didn't have another water supply nearby.
"Sometimes you have to make hard decisions, Dick." Scarlett looked him straight in the eyes. Her gaze was cold and tired. "Don't you understand what this means?"
"What what means?", asked Richard.
"He doesn't know, Scar. He's so cute when he is confused. Like a little puppy. Maybe like a golden retriever puppy, don't you think?"
"Now that you mention it I totally see it. The blond hair and all." Scarlett and Zoey looked at him with big smiles on their faces. At first Richard was happy and relieved to see how the two girls were getting along with each other. But it had turned a little sour after a while. They had been talking and joking with each other and Richard was watching from the sidelines. So he concentrated on shaping his bow and preparing a few more arrows. The girls didn't left him alone all the time. More often than not he was the subject of their jokes. And whenever he asked them why they are best friends now Scarlett always says, "I don't think you would understand."
"Can you just tell me what you mean?", asked Richard. He was getting angry. It had been too many jokes to just laugh them off. Some of them had hit a nerve.
"Oh look", said Zoey. "Now the little puppy is angry. Do you need to go for a walk?"
"Stop it. It doesn't even make any sense now. This is no game anymore. This is serious. We could destroy these peoples lives.", said Richard a little to loud and their laughter died. He had purposely restraint himself from using the word kill.
"We have been assigned the halo mission", said Scarlett.
The halo mission. In the three years the academy had tested their graduates, every year there was one squad assigned a special mission. The squad had been selected by the Trant family themselves and if they succeded, what they did every time, were granted a special position higher up the ladder of command from the beginning on. These squad members didn't start of as normal guards but were in command of a small unit.
"And I will not fail this mission just because you have some stupid moral debate inside your head", said Scarlett. "I have worked so hard for this. You will not ruin this for me."
"You don't know what's the real intention of this order is", argued Zoey. "They could be a threat to our whole colony. There is a reason we got this job and we will do the job as we are told. You can either help us or stay out of our way." The aggressive tone of Zoey's voice irritated Richard. She had been so kind and nice to him that this sudden change frightened him. The two girls stared at him awaiting a response.
"Alright. Fine", said Richard with a defeated face. "The only threat I can see from up here are cows. A lot of cows." Richard and his squad members were looking down from a small rise onto a farm. They had been camping out for a whole day near the target location and waited until the rain had stopped. Four big barns and two houses for living or other use were fenced off by a improvised wall. It was not as perfect and safe as in their colony back home. The fence had many weakpoints, went up and down in heights and at some points had been broken down from prior attacks and repaired only for looks. The three of them found dozens of spots where they could easily traverse the barrier in a few seconds.
"They found a nice patch of land here", said Scarlett. "Secluded, close to a forest for food and wood but between them a good patch of low grass land. Nothing can sneak up on them."
"What do you think where they have their milk and cheese", asked Zoey. "I would kill for a glass of fresh milk and some yoghurt."
"I miss yoghurt so much", said Scarlett. Richard mouth was watering. They didn't get any fresh diary products back at the colony. Only a piece of hard, old cheese a month. Their farm had only four healthy cows and breeding them was hard without an adult male bull. Outside the barns at least two dozen cows were grazing happily.
"These farmers must be rich", said Richard.
"Maybe", began Scarlett, "after we blow up their water tower they are forced to come and live with us and we all get a piece of fresh butter and cheese."
"First we need to get to that thing", said Richard. "They don't have any guards around the fence but there are still people. I counted about ten so far."
"We go in at night. I don't see any lights, no cables nothing that could generate a bright light at night." Zoey's hair had been growing back a little. Now that her head was covered with tiny stupples she swiped over it with her hand when she was thinking.
"Who is going in?", asked Scarlett. "I can do it, I am the fastest of us three."
"No, I will do it", said Zoey. "The C4 is my responsibility and I will handle it myself. You stay back and give me cover." Zoey went on describing the details of her plan. Richard listened but couldn't help himself and notice they didn't even consider him for the job, not even for a second. Even worst than that, Richard himself didn't think once he would be more capable than his squad mates.
You are dead weight, dead weight.

<center>* * *

The night enclosed the farm with dark hands. The farm below them vanished into the world of uncertainty but Richard and his two girls got ready to complete the last task of their mission and finally go back home. Richard thought about how proud his mother and father would be when their son finally returns from the mission. Scarlett and Zoey on either side, an accomplished trio. They had fight through dangers and hardship, they lost one of their own but made it home anyway. The academy would honor him and give him the opportunity to work in the high ranks. A soldier of the colony, a hero.
"Come on, Richard." Zoey's voice brought him back to reality. He couldn't see anything, barely his own feet. Zoey and Scarlett were shadows Richard only saw because they moved. The moon wasn't strong enough to penetrate the layer of thick dark clouds. The rain clouds had washed overtop Squad D but Richard had seen them in the distance, waiting, lingering.
A hand grabbed him at his wrist. The fingers were delicate and cold. "We said we would hold hands until we reach the wall. Come on now", said Scarlett. She was a metre away but shrouded by the night. Her blade stuck in a sheath on Scarlett's back. The blade could give them away easily. The blank steel let every little light source dance. In this pitch black nothingness, a spot of light was easy to spot.
Slowly the three crouched down the hill. Before them a cut down grassland awaited them before the fence. They figured crawling on the floor was not neccessary on a clouded night but completely upright was still dangerous. Richard made himself as small as possible and had problems keeping up to Scarlett and Zoey. Zoey had taken the lead, she would plant the explosives at the base of the water tower. A transmitter would then detonat the package and hopefully bring down the huge structure. Scarlett was in charge of the detonation device. Even if under some circumstances Zoey would fall into the hands of the farmers, they could still detonate and complete the mission.
Richard's part in all of this was to help Zoey escape if she got found out. He was armed with his improvised bow, which would not hold for long, and ten arrows. The only problem was that Richard could easily miss his target or shoot them in the leg. Someone needed only to shout once and the whole farm would wake up and come running out to investigate. The night was their shield.
The entrance to the house of the farm was lit by torches. Zoey used it as a reference to guide the two others. They had watched the entrance and the small, lit area closely from the top of their hill. Nobody went out and nobody went in for over an hour or longer. They had no clocks around so they were guessing. Zoey decided it was a good time to start. Richard had heard fear in her voice. The words shivered.
"Here's the wall", whispered Zoey. Scarlett and Richard crouched on either side of her. Here the wall was high and built up with wood planks, old cars or simply chopped trees and branches.
"We have to go left from here", whispered Scarlett. The words were muffled by the dark. Zoey tapped Richard on the shoulder and grabbed his hand. Her hands were sweaty and cold but Richard felt a spark go through his body.
He led the group on, covered by the wall and darkness they allowed themselves to go quickly. The dirt under Richard's boots was wet and muddy. In some places he felt cold water creep into his shoes. His toes felt cold and wet and they made a quiet squeeking noise when he put weight on his feet. Straws of grass tickled his legs where the jeans were ripped or a piece was missing.
"Here it is", whispered Richard. Zoey stopped a little too late and bump with her face into his shoulder. She hit him on the head with her open hand. No speaking anymore, he remembered. He turned around and their noses almost touched. He felt her breath on his lips, the lack of light gave her something mysterious and ominous. A part of Richard was intrigued but another was scared. Her darting eyes cut through the darkness. Richard stepped back.
They didn't need to talk for they had discussed every move in lenghty detail. Richard helped Zoey and Scarlett up the wall. On top there was a small ledge, big enough to stand on it or crouch down. The farmers probably built it for defensive purposes. From up here there had an easy shot of anyone trying to run up to the fence. A hand appeared from above, Richard grabbed it and Zoey pulled him up. He and Scarlett would stay here, lay in wait for any dangers. Richard layed down his arrows on the wodden plank, put on his bow string and heard Zoey climb down the inner side of the fence. She was gone completely. The dark had swallowed her and not even sound came back to Richard. She could have died right there and Richard would never know.
His hands played around with an arrow. He was ready to shoot but saw nothing at all. Their plan wasn't as perfect as he had hoped but it was the only way to succede. Scarlett breathed slowly besides him. The tension seemed not to touch her at all. Richard felt the silence in his ears. The only thing his eyes could see was the shallow light from the house entrance. No stars or moon was visible.
Scarlett took Richard's hand in her's. It didn't feel cold anymore. Her fingers wrapped around his and squeezed. He squeezed her hand back then they let go and Richard put his hand back on his arrow.
Time was weighing on Richard's shoulders. Zoey had been gone for five minutes? Maybe ten? Maybe just one minute or ten seconds? Richard couldn't say for certain. Everything felt the same and nothing changed. They didn't hear anything, didn't see anything. The wind blew soflty around his arms and face. The moon tried but only blinked for a second and disappeared behind black clouds.
Richard froze. Zoey entered the light at the entrance. She strolled casually towards the torches and turned towards Richard. Richard opened his mouth but felt some sharp and cold on his throat. It cut softly into his skin.
"Put down your bow", whispered Scarlett into his ear. Her voice sent goose bumps over his skin. "We need to talk."



[PB]






<center>*Steven finds Isabelle*



"Is this what you wanted to see, father?", asked Marc. He sat on the ground leaning against his wardrobe. The bed was on the opposite wall. The once pure white surface was sprinkled with violent colours. "It seems to me I am your son after all."
"When did she die? It smelles disgusting in here", asked Steven Rhode. He still stood in the door way. His gaze fixated on Marc's bed.
"I don't know. Sometime in the night I think. I stopped when the sun began to rise again." His hands were freshly washed but still smelled like her. With a knife he had tried to clean out his fingernails but some things are not as easily washed off.
"I will call my man to dispose of her body", said Steven and turned towards his son. "I am glad our little talk has finally awaken something inside of you."
It had awaken something. Marc wasn't proud of last night but he couldn't undo it anymore. He felt the rage of last night, he tasted the power on his lips. It satisfied him in a way that was completely new to Marc. This rush, this excitment. But his father would not be proud of him anymore if he knew the whole story. He made sure he wouldn't.
Marc didn't say anything so his father continued. "There is only one rule in this family. Everything you do will benefit this family. What you done tonight was a demonstration, I can see, understand and appreciate that. But the next time you feel the urge for something, special, you can talk to Edrick. It was hard enough to cover up that other incident of yours. No more of these indiscretions, understood? We have a reputation to uphold after all."
"Yes, father", said Marc. That other incident. He thought of Brian. His perky smile and beautiful eyes. The strong arms that held him and made him feel safe. The smell of his blood on the cold concrete floor. These wide eyes of horror when he saw what he really was. "You know what they say, the apple does not fall far from the stem."
"I hope you don't only refer to forms of entertainment. I hope we can share something more important. Times are changing and we need to be on top of everything. I need a strong man besides me. Can you be that?"
"I am ready, father. I am ready to take on responsibility in our business. I want to be a part of it, learn from you. Show me how you do it." The satisfied look on Steven's face gave it all away. For the first time since Marc's mother died, he saw a smile unravel on his father's face. The muscles must have almost forgotten how to smile because it looked crooked.
"Come into my study in an hour. You can observe a vital conference about the future of our family." He went out the room but turned back again to say, "Put on some other clothes. Red doesn't suit you." He chuckled and left.

<center>* * *

Marc went over to his bed. Her body felt cold when he touched her. His fingers explored her skin, felt all the imperfections again which he had given her. A strain of hair covered her face and Marc swiped it away. Her eyes were wide open and they wouldn't close again. He kissed her on the mouth. It was dry and hard. The softness had left her and with it all desire he had for her.
Marc stood up and went over to his wardrobe. He picked out something more formal, a good white shirt and black jeans. He even pulled out his black leather shoes and went over to the bathroom. A quick shower would wash away most of the remainings of Isabelle from his skin. The water was cold but clear. On top of the roof was a collection area for rain water. From there it got transported through pipes into the bathrooms and kitchen. In the public bathrooms they used a similar contraption but had also the ability to heat the water with a fire if they wanted. Steven Rhode didn't allow that. "Warm showers make you weak", he used to tell Marc.
With one hand against the wall Marc stood under the water. It flowed over his skin, dropped from his nose to the ground. First it was coloured in red and black or something inbetween. The water formed a swirl running in circles around the drain. It didn't smell like Isabelle anymore, it reeked foul. His shoulders began to tremble, his eyes were closed. Salty drops crossed his mouth, the taste of weakness.
Marc rammed his fist against the tiles. Then again. And again. First out of desperation than stronger and stronger. The old blood mixed with the knew from his knuckles. The old wounds had only closed themselves and were ripped open again. The tears kept coming and the water kept washing them away. Down they went, over his chest and stomach, along his legs and down the drain. Everything got washed away but the tears kept coming.
Faces flashed before his inner eyes. Juliet. Isabelle. Brian. They became one and broke apart again. He saw Juliet walking towards him. She turned around and offered herself to him but her skin was ripped apart. Blood spilled everywhere and he saw Brian standing before him. Marc with the gun in his hand.
He fell to the ground, the water poured over him like heavy rain. The tears kept coming, he sobbed and hugged himself. Why did he do it? Who am I? I am not this person. What did I do to him? What did I do to him? I can't, Marc thought. He saw the stairs down to the cells. The gun in his hands. The blood on the ground. Brian lying there, motionless.
The tears kept coming and the water kept washing them away.

<center>* * *

Clean but not refreshed, Marc entered his father's study. Four men sat around a table with his father at the head of it. The walls were covered with books and paintings. Steven Rhode bought every book he could find. He went to extraordinary messures to aquire this wealth in literature and artworks. A skylight painted the room in a warm light, only a few leaves broke the rays flooding down into the cozy room. Marc wanted to yawn but repressed it as good as he could. He hadn't slept much last night.
"You are late", said Steven Rhode after he had interrupted one of the men with a hand gesture. Marc didn't expect any special treatments and wasn't surprised of the cold tone in his fathers voice. The other four men turned around. The other men turned around and greated him shortly. Marc saw on their faces they didn't agree with his father. Nobody wanted him here. A boy inbetween men. No even worse, a boy who kisses other boys inbetween men. He sat down at the other end of the table and folded his hands. A fire crackled quietly on the right. It put heavy weights on Marc's eyelids.
"Please continue, father", said Marc, trying his best to look sharp and awake. The others frowned and turned back towards Steven Rhode.
"Please continue, Sergej", said Steven.
"As I was trying to say", he said with an annoyed tone, "the Trants are growing weaker every day. My informant had sent me a message last night about their supplies for the winter. It wasn't surprising at all. After the .."
The words got mixed together and formed strange sounds. His ears felt like someone wrapped them in cotton wool.
Richard startled and caught himself before falling off the chair.
"..We have also reason to believe they have a new set of graduates from their pathetic academy. They are in their final stage and will take office after they pass their final tests."
"Is our men still in their?", asked a man to the left of Richard with a thick mustache and bushy brows.
"The boy", Sergej emphasized it strongly, "will be tested as well. If I might add, Sir, I got him into the rebellious group as well. He will gather intel on both operations." With a satisfied face he turned towards Steven Rhode. The others tried to hide their anger but it was clear to Marc. His father had them on a tight leash. They were lusting for his approval.
"Good work, Sergej", said Steven. Yes, good work my boy. Here is your treat, thought Marc. "Ashton, what's the news from the new settlement? What was it's name again?"
Marc would bet his life, his father knew the name of it. He needed these men and it was good for their cooperation when they thought they had actual a hand it what was going on.
"They call it Horizon, Sir", said the man with bushy brows. "It has been some time after I have received the last message but they are still small and developing. I don't think they are a threat to us, Sir." Oh boy, thoght Marc. Somone came here unprepared.
"Some time?", asked Steven. "You think? It is time you take some initiative and investigate what is really going on out there. The winter will draw in all sorts of people. They always come but most of the time they come to us. I don't want to have them running to anyone else."
"Yes, Sir, I will leave tomorrow with first light and see what information I can gather."
"I will join you", said Marc. His father's eyes stared at him across the table. Marc tried to resist the urge to look down or add something. "If you allow it of course, father." Lost again, he thought.
"Then it's decided. I will give you three men and equipment."
Marc couldn't help but smile at Ashton. His head turned red and a thick veins on his forehed pulsated.



[PB]






<center>*Mia and Eran to old Hartington*



Mia dreamt of high flames and laughing children jumping around it. She was one of them and laughed harder and louder than any of the others. She wore a flaming red dress with white stripes. Her long hair jumped with her and brushed against her skin.
Something brought her back to reality. The ground was hard and cold. She rubbed her eyes and opened them.
A wordless cry came over her mouth. A middle aged man with a cowboy hat pointed the end of a gun at Mia. His hair was brown with a full beard and he smelled of sweat and wet hair.
"Who are you?", he asked. The words sounded short and hard.
"My name is Mia. I am from the a small camp down the river", said Mia. She wanted to stand up but the man gave her a signal not to move. "You are Eran right?"
"You sent you?", he asked instead of answering Mia's question. She grew scared. What if this wasn't Eran? What if Machete had betrayed her and sent a man to get her?
"My friend Moira said I would find you. And that you could help me." Mia was tense, she tried to get further back but the cold stone in her back didn't move.
The man put the gun down and hung it onto his belt. "I am sorry for this but you can't be to careful in these times. My name is Eran. Nice to meet you." He held Mia his open hand and she reached out and shook it. The tension fell slowly from her body but she took one deep breath.
"I see you found my secret stash already. Hope you left some food for me."
"I am sorry", said Mia. "I didn't want to take anything but I don't have much left in my bag. It took me longer than expected to get here so I ran a little short."
"It's easy to get lost in these woods." Eran grabbed a few nuts and sat down on the ground. "I hope you didn't come across any strange folk or worse."
"I got attacke by a group of black eyes." It made Eran stop chewing. He looked at her with wide eyes.
"Are you sure?"
"I am pretty sure I can tell a normal human from one of those beasts apart." He is treating me like a child, Mia thought. "Anyway, a woman came and saved me. Without here I wouldn't be here now."
This made Eran even more interested in her journey. "Where is this woman now? How did she look? Did you tell her about this place?" The question kept coming, fast like gun shots. Eran put down his cowboy hat next to him. Mia saw that the top of his head was almost completely bald. With the hat it looked like normal hair but now he just looked funny.
"I don't know where she is", said Mia. She grabbed her bottle and took a sip. Her mouth felt dry and sticky. "She said her name is Machete, I think it's because she has a machete with her but what do I know." Mia was getting angry. This was not what she expeted from this man. Maybe I should have gone with Machete, she thought.
"These are not very bad news actually", said Eran.
Because he didn't continue Mia asked him, "Why bad news?"
"If Machete is back in these parts of the forest than that can only mean trouble." When he spoke Mia could see the chewed nuts in his mouth. Sometimes he spat some out when he spoke.
"So you know her?"
"Everybody knows that woman. She can talk for hours until your ears fall off. That woman has some serious problems with silence. We used to.." He paused. "Have relations with each other. Then she left and didn't come back for a while. That was a year or so ago. I wonder why she has come back."
Mia couldn't believe what he was saying. This man was way too old for Machete and he was not handsome at all. He smelled, was bald and spit when he spoke. Mia had never took Machete for a person who would have sex with Eran.
"Eat something, what was your name again?"
"Mia", she said.
"Yes, Mia. Eat something. We need to get going. You slept so long the day is running away from us. I look around for a bit and see if anyone has been snooping around."
He lifted his cowboy head up and put it back over the bald spot. It made him look a little better but still very unattractive. When he went away, Mia saw he even wore cowboy boots with a brown and white pattern on it.
"Why couldn't it be a strong, young man with beautiful eyes and big hands", she said to herself. Instead she got a smelly old man with a cowbow hat. But he was still better than dieing out there alone.

<center>* * *

Mia climb down from the rock formation and looked out for Eran. Thick rain clouds cluttered the sky and the sun couldn't shine through them. The air was cold this high up and the valley was covered with a layer of soft mist. Mia shivered a little when the wind blew through her clothes to find her bare skin.
"Oh, you won't be needing that thing anymore", said Eran. He came up behind Mia. She didn't hear him coming. I would die without help out here by myself, she though. I am such a child.
"But it's the only weapon I have", she responded.
"The only weapon we will need is right here." He gave her another look of his gun. "I got enough rounds to make swiss cheese out of you. And don't worry about my aim. The last fella who tried his luck against me is drinking on me up there. Come on now, we have to get to the next camp before it's dark."
"And where are we going? You haven't said anything about that?", asked Mia.
"I will get you somewhere safe, far enough away from your old camp so you don't need to worry anymore. It's called New London. Funny, isn't it?" He grinned at Mia. His teeth were yellow and two gold teeth blinked.
"Why are we going there?"
Mia followed Eran's lead down the other side Mia came from. "It's by a huge lake. Black eyes are good at hunting on land but they can't hunt in the water. It's a nice place."
"But, if it's so nice there why aren't all of my people from the camp going there? What about all the other girls who Moira can't help?"
"Well", Eran turned around, "I know you have a lot of questions. But right now you have to just trust me on this and follow me quietly. You may think shouting is okay, but after what you have told me, we have to be extra careful. That means, you only talk when it's absolutely neccessary." With that he turned around again and walked on. Mia was left to follow. For every questions he answered, two more were asked.
The climb down from the hill was easier than up but the weight of her backpack pressed Mia down with every step. Walking with Eran was not as funny or interesting as with Machete. She had hundreds of stories, anecdotes and sidenotes about everything. Eran didn't talk at all. The only form of communication with him was when he raised his right hand and told her to stop. He listened for a few seconds if anything was near them and then continued walking. The other form was spitting thick blobs of slime to the side.
As Machete, he also used small paths through the thickets and trees. They weren't trodden down but easier to walk than if Mia cut right through the forest like she did on her own. The air was cool and fresh but no birds or animals were around. The forest felt dead and forsaken.
They had been walking for a few hours and Mia was getting tired and hungry again when the trees cleared up and before them a vast grass land appeared. The gras was high and dry and a small road cut through it like a snake.
"We will follow that road", said Eran catching his breath, "until we get to Old Hartington. The city is completely dead but I have a hide out there. From there on we will go east."
It must have been midday but the sun was shrowded by clouds. Eran sat down and used a big acorn tree to lean against. Mia sat oposite to him with two metres between them. She thought more would have been too unpolite but she didn't want to sit too close to him. He threw her a piece of hard bread and a slice of ham. Mia hadn't eaten any meat for so long her mouth immediatly started watering when she smelled it. It had been smoked so it would last longer. Back in Mia's camp the hunters had been coming back without any meat for almost a year now. Too many hunters had killed everything that moved.
Eran didn't break the silence so Mia had to do it. "Why do you do this, Eran?", she asked. "Why do you help me and the others? It can't be an easy job and I don't think I have anything I can give you."
He looked at her for a moment, took a bite from his bread and chewed slowly. "Some things are better kept in the past," he said. Mia didn't want to pressure him more but he took a long time to continue.
"I just want to do right for all the bad I done before the world changed. And noone is gonna stand up against these people if I don't do it."
They ate in silence. But Mia wanted more. More answers.
"Who are these people?", she asked.
"Bad people", Eran said. "Very bad people. Now stop asking me so many questions. We have to get going." He picked up the crumbs from his lap, ate them and stood up. "Come on now."
Mia had no choice but to finish her lunch while walking. She shouldered her pack and followed Eran.

<center>* * *

Mia was happy they had left the forest behind. Out here it was harder for anyone to sneak up on them. But Eran still stopped every so often to listen for any sounds around them. Not a single bird song or clap of wings, just the soft whisper of the wind and the swaying grass accompanied the two on their way towards Old Hartington.
"There it is", said Eran but Mia had already spotted the first houses. Mia had never left her camp after she got there. And she didn't want to leave. She heard stories of what the world has become, how everything was in ruins and creatures with black eyes and scars all over their bodies were hunting everything, even their own kind.
Old Hartington didn't look at all like Mia had imagined it. The fascades of the buildings had lost its colour for the most part, grass, vines and other greeneries nested between the little cracks of the road and spread over the houses. A house had been torn down, the roof collapsed and shingles were spread acorss the ground but all the other buildings were almost completey intact. Dirty and overgrown but not fully destroyed. A ghosttown, but not a ruin.
They walked past cars that were still parked on the sidewalk, some crashed together and rusted intertwined with eachother like an old couple. Some were still in their garages, covered up by thick layers of dust. Windows were shattered, doors run down.
Mia jumped back and cried out. Eran pulled out his gun in a matter of moments and turned around. Mia was staring at the ground, unable to point at it. Inside a car several piles of bones sprinkled over the back and front seats. Eran put down the gun when he saw why Mia was upset.
"They are long dead", he said. "Nothing to squeek about."
"They died inside their car." Her hands were still shaking.
"What did you think happened to all the people. We once were billions now maybe a few million."
She didn't have an answer for that. Mia was young when the virus took them, but she did never saw anyone get killed or turn. Her fathers had helped her in the beginning and when they hid her and tried to protect her, she saw nothing but the insides of a cardbard box. She had pressed her hands so hard against her ears, she thought her head must explode any second under the pressure. But her arms were too weak and after an eternity she just let go because her arms had been getting tired.
After that she was brought to the camp and never left again. She had never been part of this world but now she had to learn to keep it together. Another outburst like this because of something mundane as human bones in a tight situation could mean their guaranted death.
"I am sorry", she said to Eran. "It won't happen again."
"Oh, it will but next time I shoot you in the mouth", he said but didn't turn around.
He walked on in silence, like they did most of the way already. Eran kept looking to all sides as if he was looking for something. He lead her deeper and deeper into the heart of the city. Supermarkets, gas stations, big office buildings, banks, everything was dead and empty. The houses casted shadows onto the street. The black and dangerous shadows were in the buildings behind broken windows.
Closer to the center a parade of cars clumped up the streets. Some were trying to go back but crashed into their neighbour behind them. Some were head first inside walls of adjecent buildings.
"It's somewhere around here, come on", said Eran. His hand close to his gun.
Mia wished for her staff back. She felt naked and helpless. A weak little girl with nothing to protect against anyone who tried to lay a hand on her, or teeth into her soft flesh. Moira's blancet waved around her shoulders and kept her warm enough.
"There it is." Eran pointed towards a half filled car lot. It was big but Mia couldn't see the reason for it yet. High buildings kept her from it. "In that supermarket I have everything we need to get to New London."
"Is it far from here?", asked Mia.
"No, not at all. A couple of days maybe."
Slowly the parking lot unwrapped itself from the neighbouring buildings.
The bang came out of nothing. Eran fell down on his right knee and held his thigh. Mia looked around but the sniper was out of sight.
"Noooo", cried Mia. She wanted to run to him and help him but stood there, frozen in her tracks. Invisible hands held down her feet and wrapped around Mia's throat.
"It's been a long time", a familiar voice said.
Eran tried to stand up and reach for his gun when another bullet hit him in the left leg and he fell down to the ground. The bang from the gun hammered in her ears and Eran grunted in pain.
"Don't get any stupid ideas now, don't you want to catch up with an old friend?" Out of an aboneded building a woman came. A machete on her shoulder and two guys behind her.
"Please don't run Mia. I really don't want to tell Camille and put a bullet between your beautiful eyes."



[PB]






<center>*Richard finds out rebels*



She bound his hands behind his back and lead him into the cellar of the building. White electric light blinded Richard's eyes. The went into a small room with a single chair at the back. The light from the hallway barely reached this small room. It was dingy and the walls were made out of cold concrete. Scarlett sat him down, hands behind the rest. He saw up and looked at Zoey, Scarlett and two other men. Zoey was looking at him sceptical, Scarlett's face didn't show any more than usual but the two other men were definitely not happy about the situation.
Richard had bombarded Scarlett with questions along the way. She had pushed him further and never uttered a single word. He still felt the fine cut her sharp blade made on his skin. He hadn't resisted because he saw no point in it and swallowed his anger. Scarlett was faster and stronger than him and as it seemed to him, the others on this farm worked together with her. After they had went inside the house, Richard saw nothing out of the ordinary. A few guys played cards in a living room and he heard a muffled women laughter from another room. The air was warm and stale.
"This was a stupid idea", one of the men said. He wore a dirty jeans overall, towered over the others and was almost three times the size of Scarlett. He looked like he could lift up a car by himself. Not someone Richard wanted as an enemy.
"No it wasn't", said Zoey.
"Can someone please tell me what the fuck is going on?" Richard cut off Zoey. He was getting angrier. "What is this place? Who are these guys?" He turned towards Scarlett, "And why did you cut me for fucks sake?"
"I told you we should have gone with my plan", said Mister Universe. "He'll never understand."
Zoey took a step towards Richard. "We are planning to overtake the colonies leadership."
"And now we have to kill him", said the other man. Richard looked at their serious, stern faces and began to laugh out loud. This was utterly ridiculous.
The slap came out of nothing. Richard's cheek burned and he bit on his lip. The pain stung and he felt his mouth fill up with blood. He tried to spit it out but it flowed out of his mouth and onto himself. When he looked up, he saw Scarlett standing over him. Her face distorted into a grimasse with her eyes glaring at him. Her body looked tense and..
She slapped him again. This time with the back of her hand. Richard could see the hand coming but was to slow to react. The bones of her hand crushed into his face. He heard a dull bang inside his head. Richard lost the orientation for a bit but caught himself.
"Enough, Scar." It was Zoey's voice. Richard tried to fight back tears but the pain was too much. Two rolled down his cheeks and he gasped for air.
"You two wait up stairs. We will handle this", said Zoey. Her voice was strong and direct. With swollen eyes Richard saw the two men leave.
"We give you ten minutes", one of them shouted back from the stairs. Richard didn't know who it was. His cheeks burned and his tounge still bled.
"I told you, he'd never understand", hissed Scarlett. It reminded Richard of the time they were on the roof of the school. It felt like another time, a better time but it was only a week ago. She had given him the same look as now. The same anger Richard didn't understand where it was coming from. "He's too blind to see."
"No he's not", said Zoey. "We need him, Scar. And you know why."
"Of course I know why. That doens't mean I like it."
"Guys", mumbled Richard. The two girls didn't even look at him.
"Don't be childish. Here is no place for that", said Zoey. She stood straight, authority in her voice like she owned this place.
"He doesn't deserve. I should be the one. Not him." Richard heard the tears coming before he saw them. Scarlett began to sob softly. Zoey walked over to her and hugged her. It was bizarre for Richard. A few days ago they couldn't even stand to look at each other and now they were comforting each other. What happened in that tower, Richard thought.
"I promised you will get your revenge and I will keep my word. You need to be patient."
"You can't promise that", said Scarlett. She gently pushed Zoey away, looked at Richard with teary eyes. "I need some air." She walked away, the blade strapped on her back. Zoey stepped infront of Richard and Scarlett disappeared.

<center>* * *

"The bloody lip and bruised cheeks give you kind of a sexy look, you know", said Zoey and sat down against the right wall. "The tears not so much but it's not bad."
Richard stared at her. His cheeks pounded and he could feel them swelling up.
"Not in the mood for jokes, hm?"
"Tell me what's going on." Tell me what happened in that tower, he thought.
"I told you", she responded. "We want to overtake the colony. Kind of like a revolution. Power to the people and all."
"Sure. So this is your secret hideout, I assume. Do you plan to command an army of cows into battle or do you ride on them through the front gate and proclaim yourself the new leader?"
"There will be no leader anymore." Zoey stared at the grey wall in front of her. "Scarlett says you are too blind to see but I want to believe that you are not."
"What should I see? The evil roof over my head? The treacherous food on our tables or the restful nights I can have while others protect my home from the outside? Yes of course it's not a democracy but that doesn't mean it's bad. I think you all are blind and spoiled. We have something good going at home, why mess with that? And for what? What do you think this little revolution can get you?"
Zoey stared at the ground. Richard couldn't see her face.
"When my family came to the colony", she began slowly, "my parents and I were overwhelmed with joy because we found a place where we could start a new life. We lost everyone we knew. My mother got a job as a maid in the Trant house. My father a job on the fields. Life was good, we had a roof over our heads, food on our tables and a fence that protected us from the horrors we had been running from.
Then my parents started to fight at night. I heard them shout through the walls but I couldn't understand a word. At breakfast they acted like nothing happened and so I didn't ask. A week later my came home with a blue eye and bruises on her face. She told me not to worry, she fell down and hit her head on a shelf in the kitchen. But at night I heard my father shout and my mother cry. The next evening she didn't come home after work."
The silence was pressing down on Richard. He didn't know what to say, the words got stuck in his head. The rope cut into Richard's wrist and his nose itched but he didn't dare to move a muscle. Zoey kept staring at the ground.
"When my father came home, he started pacing through the house. I told him she maybe was working late tonight or something but he didn't calm down. He started packing clothes and food into our bags and told me to go to public toilettes and wait behind the building for him. He would pick me up. I waited there until the sun came up, cowered behind some bushes. I don't know when but I started to cry and someone found me and told me to cry somewhere else."
"What happened to your parents", asked Richard.
"I had to live in the streets. Our house was given to someone else and nobody wanted to take me into their home. I overheard some guards talking the next day about a black man breaking into the Trant house. He shot three guards and his own wife before they could take him down. They said, my mum was having an affair with someone on the security team and was going to leave my father. That's why he went crazy and shot all those people.
But I know they are liers. I know the real story. It took some time but eventually I learned about. You would be surprised what a street kid can overhear. They killed both of my parents and made it look like they were the good guys."
"I am sorry, Zoey. I didn't know", said Richard. Zoey looked up at him, her eyes dry as sand and fire behind them. "So you two want revenge. Why does Scarlett hate the Tran family so much?"
"We don't only want revenge. I want justice for my parents. I want to have a home again. You have to ask Scarlett herself why she is doing what she is doing." She paused. "We need you on our side Richard."
"For what? What is this secret plan?"
"It's not a coincidence that I was assigned for the special mission. Me and Dimitri would take on high positions within the ranks of the enemy and supply the others with important information and destroy from the inside." Zoey sighed. "But when Dimitri decided sex is more important than our goals and died for it, the plan was falling apart."
"But I don't understand why me. You have Scarlett on your side. She is better in everything than I am. What do I have that she doesnt't? I am just a loser you got stuck in a group with the cool kids."
Zoey smiled. "You have a dick."




[PB]






<center>*Mia arrives in horizon*



The horse neighed, Machete and Camille sang a song and Eran tried to shout or cry but the gag in his mouth muffled his efforts. Mia sat in front of Machete on a beautiful black horse with shiny hair. It was tight together on the saddle and Machete pressed against her back. Mia felt the vibrations in Machete's breast whenever she hit a low note. Camille was riding next to them on a brown horse. It was smaller and looked thin. The rips shone through the fur and it didn't look as sturdy as Machete's horse. The poor Eran was bount onto another smaller horse like a bag of wheat. He had tried to resist and roll of the horse but his legs were severly hurt.
They had treated Mia well this whole time. Three days they were riding, except for Eran. Besides Machete and Camille, two men riding on a white horse completed the group. Bjern and Carl took the role of scouting the surrounding area. During the day they had been riding around and when the sun sunk beneath the horizon they caught back up to the group for the night's camp.
Bjern had become Mia's favourite of the two men. Carl kept mostly to himself, spoke with the others around the campfire but didn't initiate anything or made jokes. Bjern on the other hand was constantly telling stories, joking around with Camille and Machete. Most interestingly for Mia was, that he tried to seduce Camille everytime he got a chance to. He had brought her flowers of all shapes and colours from their scouting rides.
Yesterday he had brought back an anemone. They had all been sitting around a crackling fire, the day was darkening around them. Eran had been bound to a tree with the horses and Camille was already expecting another offer from him. When he had sat down next to Mia her heart had missed a beat. She had stuttered and everybody had a good laugh.
But even when she thought about it now she felt a warm feeling inside her stomach and the blood rushed to her cheeks. Bjern was the tallest guy Mia had ever seen. He towered over her like she was a little kid and sometimes when he patted her on the head she even felt ten years younger. He had a full beard of brown hair and his hair fell on his shoulder. Under his shirt she could see the muscles press against the fabric and whenever he chopped fire wood the sweat smelled so good Mia wanted to rub her face against his chest. Only in her vivid fantasies she had done it dozens of times.
"I can't wait for you to see it", said Machete. Camille laughed.
"It's really not that impressive", said Camille. "Don't get her hopes up too high."
"To see what?", asked Mia. Whenever she had asked one of them where they were headed they only told her they were going home. Whatever that meant.
"I can't tell you, stupid." Machete's voice felt nice against Mia's back. "That would ruin the surprise and impact it will have. Especially for someone who has been hiding out in a small survivor camp all this time. Oh, and you have to meet Sarah asap." Mia had heard of this woman called Sarah. She seemed to be the leader of what ever Machete and the others were a part of. Machete has described her as the most intelligent and beautiful person on this planet.
"I can't wait", said Mia. And she meant it. At first she was terrified of Machete and her group when they shot Eran twice. But happened next had terrified her even more. It didn't take much for Eran to confess to the truth. All this time Mia had thought he was helping her escape from people who tried to harm her. It had taken a broken nose and a lot of crying from Mia for Eran to tell the story.
Eran had never wanted to help her but wanted to sell her out like he did with every other girl before Mia. Apparently some people were paying good money for young women and girls. Machete and her friends were trying to track down Eran and others like him for years now. Whenever they took one down another appeared and took his place. It was a pointless job almost but every once in a while they could rescue a girl, Machete had told Mia.
"Is it still far?", asked Mia. She didn't really know how to address Machete because the word machete didn't feel right in her mouth as a name.


<center>* * *

"You know", said Machete, "it's just around the corner."
"Literally", said Camille and laughed. The sniper rifle she had shot Eran with hang on her back.
They had been following a small road that had more turn and twist than straight parts. Because of the horses they didn't ride on the road but just to the side to spare the hooves and to make less noise. Not that Machete and Camille tried to be quiet but they still didn't want to make any extra noise. Their laughter and talking filled the whole plain.
"Are you all right, Eran?", shouted Camille over her shoulder. "Don't worry you will get a nice and comfortable cell real soon." Both of them laughed.
"What is going to happen to him?", asked Mia. She hadn't crossed that line yet but her curiosity had burned a whole into her patience.
Camille gave Machete a stern look and said, "He will get what he deserves, Mia. You don't need to worry about him anymore. You are safe now."
Safe. That same Eran had said to her just a few days ago. The same had said her parents to her. The same the people form the camp told her when she arrived. Everybody had told her, "You are safe now", but nobody could deliver on their promise. Mia didn't feel relieved. The words had lost a lot of their power.
"Now watch out, Mia", said Machete and sounded like a little child on christmas.
They had been riding along trees and small hills but over the next hill mia looked down and the small street ended into a roadhouse and the highway.
"A roadhouse?", said Mia disappointed. "You hyped me up for a tiny roadhouse?"
"It's bigger from the inside, you know. A lot of windows, not broken but real, intact windows. Camille cleans them sometimes and they sparkle in the sun like an iceberg or something."
"But that will be your job from now on", said Camille. "Finally someone I can pass on that job." They laughed again.
"Yeah, very funny", said Mia with a fake angry voice.
Mia looked to the left and saw nothing but the highway cut through the silent land. It looked so strange without any car at all. Once the veins of the world they had been wiped clean. When she looked to the right she saw the skyline of a huge city rise on the horizon. The highway led right into the city.
"Yes my friend, that's where we live." Machete led the horse to the right and rode onto the small green stripe between the two roads. The grass had spread onto the asphalt and grew high and wild.
"But", began Mia. "Isn't that the most dangerous place possible? I mean there must be millions of black eyes in that city and now space to grow food."
"And that's exactly why there are no black eyes left in the big cities", said Camille. "First they thrived in there. Food from supermarkets was easy to get and plenty of walking meat all across the city. But what do you think happens with millions of hungry people and no more food supplies coming from the outside?"
"They ate eachother", said Machete. "Millions became thousands, thousands became hundreds. And those who were still alive left the city to find food outside. In forests, smaller towns, wherever."
"So we reclaimed the city for the suriving humans. You will see where are food comes from soon enough."
"I can't wait to see it", said Mia. She was genuinly excited. To be in a big city again, where she grew up.
Mia had to put her exciting back into her pocket because they needed the remainder of the day to reach the border of the city. The high buildings had been glooming the distance growing and growing like trees without branches. Bjern and Carl didn't rejoin their group, even as they crossed the border.
"They are not coming to the city tonight. They will go to one of our outposts and gathe some news", said Machete after Mia had asked her about them.
"Did you tell her already how the city is called now, Machete?", asked Camille.
"Oh yes, right. It was my idea and I think it's pretty good. Welcome to Horizon."
"Why did you call it horizon?", asked Mia.
"Isn't it obvious?", countered Machete.
"Nobody gets it, I told you", said Camille.
"Every masterpiece in art needs some time and thought to get behind it. You two are just too dumb to get. It's nothing out of the ordinary. Geniuses were almost never recognized in their own time but will be praised by the people of the furture."
Mia wanted to ask her but she continued anyways. "I called it Horizon because where do you see the sun first after the night is over? Right on the horizon. And this, my ignorant, small-minded friends, is where the sun has finally risen again in this dark and dead world. Here is where we will rebuilt planet. We will reclaim what was once ours and has been taken from us. This is where we will conquer the world once more."
"She kind of sounds like a fanatic dictator, doesn't she?", said Camille.
"Totally." Camille and Mia laughed and after a second Machete joined in.

<center>* * *

The four of them left the highway. The closer they came to the city border, the more cars were left standing on the road. Some of them had crashed into each other, some of them were only black wrecks while some of them looked like nothing happened at all. Dust and other dirt had settled on them and the windows weren't see through anymore.
"Why don't you use any of these cars?", asked Mia.
"Oh I wish we could", said Camille. "I love cars. I love the speed and sound of them. But they are so unpractical these days. Have you seen a working has station around anywhere?"
"Well", tried Mia. "I guess you could use the fuel of the standing cars here, couldn't you? I mean there must be enough to get you around for a while."
"We did that at the beginning", said Machete. "It's just way less efficient to do than take a horse or simply walk. Cars are loud and dependend on streets. And have you seen the streets these days? Total swiss cheese style."
The road had been covered by holes and cracks and greenery was sprawling out of them.
"But I saw some cars race around", said Mia. "When I left my camp, I don't really know where it is from here but I definitely saw them."
"What kind of cars?", asked Camille with a concerned look on her face.
"I don't know much about cars, I am sorry. I remember they had flags and they played music. I don't really know how to describe the cars, though."
"Don't worry about them", said Machete but Mia felt that there was something wrong here. The two of them were hiding something. "They are probably already dead if you ask me. Cars draw in all sorts of nasty things."
They rode deeper into Horizon. They buildings towered over Mia and dipped the streets in shade. Shop windows were broken and scattered over the ground. Not a single shop was intact. They were all raided and left empty or destroyed. In some of them, when the light fell right, Mia saw tons of bones neatly organized in piles.
"Hey Mia", shouted Machete into Mia's ear. "Look up."
Above them a wide network of small bridges and ropes span between the skyscrapers. Mia saw people move on them, like tiny ants.
"We are going up there?", she asked slowly.
"I hope you aren't afraid of heights", said Machete and laughed.



[PB]






<center>*Squad D comes home*



The  fence of the colony shimmered in the distance. Behind it, the hundreds of houses and tents waited for their arrival. Zoey, Scarlett and Richard had been walking through forests and grasslands for four days and they finally arrived back home. Their food had been running low and without the ressources of the diary farm, they wouldn't have made it home alive. Richards feet hurt like hell, blisters had formed on every toe. The wet grass and leaves had drenched the survivors of Squad D with moisture. Thankfully they couldn't smell each other but Richard was sure they must stink like the trash yard.
"Home sweet home", said Scarlett. "Who is excited to be back?"
Richard wasn't. After Zoey had shared her story and the plan with him, Richard wasn't sure at all what he should believe in. Was it worth risking your life and probably the life of his parents, for a dream? Of course did he say yes and agreed to play his part in the plan but he didn't have much choice in it.
"Are you okay, Richard?", asked Zoey and layed a hand on his shoulder. He knew she wasn't concerned about him but only about her plan.
"Yes, sure", he said. "Why wouldn't I? We are finally home after weeks out in the wild. Home sweet home."
"I told you he will break under the pressure", said Scarlett. Her legs were covered in mud up to her knees like Richard's and Zoey's too. The mud had become a second skin for Richard.
"I am not breaking under anything", he said louder than he wanted. "I am just telling you this is an idiotic plan that will fail and leave us all out to die."
"We won't fail", said Zoey. "You only have to play your little part in this. If it goes south you can jump ship and pretend you didn't knew anything about this. I have told you it is fool proof."
"Yeah right, you told me. I wonder what they will think where they got all this secret and confidential information from. Oh maybe it was the new guy they brought onto the team. You know, the one that is friends with the traitors." Richard had tried to conceal his anger about the situation but every now and then it had seeped through his mental wall. He didn't forget what Scarlett told him that night. Or what Zoey did. He looked at her. The new grown hair looked on her.
"Okay, what do you need to do your part in this? Tell me", said Zoey.
"I need nothing", insisted Richard. "I can do this, if you think it will work. I am your man okay."
"Don't call yourself a man and give me that crap again", said Scarlett.
"Why are you so pissed at me all the time. I am trying here."
"You are trying here? I know this is not important to you and you seem to have everything figured out about the world and how it works. But some of us have eyes and ears that function and see and hear what's really going on."
"You are so full of yourself. I can't believe I didn't see it earlier."
"Yes I am full of myself because I am the best in that fucked up school. I trained harder than anyone and for what? I have to wait on the sidelines for you. And why? Because General Harper wants to have his stupid boys club."
"So you hate me because General Harper doesn't like to have girls in his division. Yeah Scarlett. Hate me for something I don't have any control over. You.."
"Okay, enough!", shouted Zoey. Richard startled. "We are close to the gate and you two will shut up now." Zoey was trying to keep her voice down and she pressed the words through her teeth. "It's going to help anyone if we are fighting against each other. We are one the same team. No say you are sorry and get ready."
"I am sorry", said Scarlett. It caught Richard off guard that she was saying it first. Scarlett was never the one to admit to her own fault.
"I am sorry, too", said Richard quickly. And he meant it.

<center>* * *

When they came closer to the gate, the soldiers quickly opened it for them. Behind the fence Richard saw his parents wave at him. Scarlett's mother stood next to them, waving as well. The sight of his parents almost made Richard cry. He could feel the tears starting to blur his vision but he had shown enough weakness in front of Scarlett and Zoey on this mission, so he held them back as good as he could.
"Welcome home", said Teddy, the guard at the gate. "Some of us lost a lot of stuff. Luckily I bet on your return." He grinned. Zoey passed him the camera and a tiny bag with the teeth of killes black eyes. He put it into his own bag.
Richard's parents came and hugged him tightly. They didn't mind the mud or smell of him and held him with their bodies wrapped around him for an eternity. Richard couldn't hold it back anymore and let some tears out. His father and mother repeatedly said how scared they were and how proud that he had come back to them. He just felt their warmth and presence and was happy with it.
"Hey, Squad D", shouted Teddy. "The General is expecting you at sun down in the academy. In your old classroom. Don't be so late again."
Richard wasn't sure why he was shouting when they were standing a few metres away from him but then he saw Zoey had already left and walked into the colony. Richard felt like a total dick rubbing this family reunion right into her face. But she walked on and was gone from his view.
"Old classroom sounds pretty nice, doesn't it?", said Scarlett. Richard nodded and kept staring at the building Zoey vanished behind.
"Now you two", said Scarlett's mother. "Tell us all about your mission. I want to hear everything."
"Muuum", said Scarlett, "you know we can't talk about that. It's classified."
"Oh I am sorry, I had almost forgot." Scarlett's mum made a overdramatic gesture.
"They are growing up so fast", said Richard's father with sentiment in his voice.
Richard's mum held her nose between thump and index finger and said with a nasal voice, "But first you two will take a long bath. I am sorry but you smell terrible." They all laughed but a strange feeling took root in Richard's stomach.

<center>* * *

After a long bath in the community bathhouse Richard felt finally presentable again. The water was cold but Richard was happy to dip his toes and then his whole body into the tub. The bathhouse was a huge, single story building with a dozen tubs and showers for the people of the colony to use. Water was redirected from a nearby river and must be put into the tubs with the help of buckets. Luckily Richard's parents had helped him with it because after the long march home, his body felt limb and exhausted. The cool water felt expecially good on his swollen feet and blisters.
When he was done with washing, the water had turned a disgusting dark brown with a little hue of red. Probably from my blood, Richard thought disgusted. With a clever contraption and little effort, Richard pivoted the tub with help of a lever and saw the dirty water run to the drain. It would then follow some pipes back into the river. He cleaned the remaining mud and other things, Richard didn't want to know what they were, with a bucket of fresh water from the reservoir. People had been staring and peeking to see what was going on but Richard didn't mind.
The day was already late and Richard hurried back to his house. His stomach growled and his wet hair clung to his head like wet noddles. It was cold but he felt refreshed and clean, something that he had missed during the whole trip. When he reached his home he heard voices and music from the back. So he went around the house to see what was happening in the backyard. Most houses in the colony were built around a central backyard area. It was a community area and usually used for celebrations and eating. Richard's and Scarlett's parents were throwing a little welcome back party.
"There he is", shouted Richard's father Devan. "We almost wanted to go and look for you. Didn't want you to take a nap in the tub again, do we?" He laughed and the people around him joined in.
"It was one time when I was ten or something", said Richard with a smile. "When will you drop that, dad." It was good to be back home. There was food already prepared and most people were eating. Richard looked over the dozen or so guests and found Scarlett sitting by her mother and joking with her. It had been so long since he had seen her smile. He had almost forgotten how beauiful her smile was. She wore a short blue dress and a jacket over her shoulders. The wet black hair clung to itself in thick strains.
He sat down with his parents on either side. On the table were bowls with cooked sweet carots, fried potatoes, freshly baked bread with swirls of white smoke above them, crunchy salad and roasted eggplants. As a special treat they got themselves some fried eggs. When Richard cut the orange yolk it flowed right out like lava from a vulcano. Richard hadn't eaten so good in weeks and shoveled the food like a maniac.
"Oh boy", said Devan. "Go easy son. Today nobody has to go to bed hungry. There is enough to go around."
And he was right. When the sun was going down and they lit up some torches the table was completely empty but everybody held their bellies. Richard had eaten so much he felt sick. Too fast you damn idiot, he scolded himself.
"Come on", whispered Scarlett in his ear what made him jump. "It's time."
Richard said good bye to everybody and thanked them for the great evening and went together with Scarlett towards the academy.Underneath her dress she wore a pair of leggins against the cold. Her hair got little curls while drying.


<center>* * *

They walked silently up the hill. Lights had been lit everywhere in the colony and the conversations got messed up by the wind.
"I wished", began Richard quietly, "Zoey would have been there with us. It's not fair that she has noone to come home to."
"Mhm", said Scarlett. She nodded her head like she was somewhere else with her thoughts.
"I wanted-"
"Scarlett-", they said simultaneously. Richard smiled
"You first", he said and Scarlett nodded.
"I just wanted to say sorry for.. for before and for the time I raged at you on the school roof. I just had a lot of anger inside of me and I guess I needed someone to throw it all against. It wasn't fair to take it all out on you. And I am sorry. Okay."
Richard had to smiled even wider. "I don't think I have heard you apologize once since we started hanging out. Or even before."
"Don't do this okay. I said I am sorry and if that's not enough for you, then I don't know. But I know I want the things to be good between us two." She turned towards him. "I like you Richard. You have become, like."
Please don't say it, thought Richard hopeful.
"Like a brother to me." The smile left Richard's face and flew far, far away into the darkening sky. Like a brother. The words repeating inside his head. He saw her half naked running towards the bell tower, the skirt sliding up with every step she took. Her beautiful, small breasts and hard nipples while she lay in his arms talking about what had happened.
"Richard? Richard?" Scarlett's voice brought him back from his erotic dreams to reality.
"Yes, me too", he said and kept staring on the ground.
"So we are good?"
"Yes Scar, we are good." The hug caught him off guard. She pressed herself tight against him. The wet hair sprinkled his face with tiny droplets of water. Richard put his arms around her. After all, being a brother isn't that bad.
"Come one", said Scarlett and stepped back. "I don't want to be late. The next hour will decide our fate." She opened her mouth again but didn't say anything and turned around. But Richard knew what she wanted to say but he wouldn't disappoint her or Zoey. I will show them that I am not dead weight, he thought and followed Scarlett into the academy.

<center>* * *

Scarlett opened the door to their old classroom. The tables stood exactly where they had stood before the mission. Everything looked exactly the same. Expect that Zoey and Scarlett were hugging at this moment rather than trade insults and angry stares. What happened in that fucking tower after I left? It didn't made any sense for Richard.
Zoey came over to Richard and hugged him too. Her smell and breasts pressed tightly against him, made his cheeks burn and his pants feel tighter.
"How long do you think he will let us wait", said Scarlett and broke the spell. Zoey turned around and looked out the window.
"The sun is barely touching the horizon", said Zoey, "so I think we will sit here until midnight for him to show up here. After all he is a general."
Richard felt unconfortable joking about his superiors. Sometimes when his classmates started joking about their teachers he joined in, even though he kept the jokes mild and friendly. But to make jokes about the general himself, who was after the Trant family members the highest rank, felt wrong to him. Axiously Richard peeked out the door and listened for footsteps.
"Guys keep it down", he whispered to them. "We don't know if someone is listening."
"Do you still think you can pull this off, Legolas?"
"Of course I can pull this off." Richard crossed his arms in front of his chest. He tried to stand straighter to appear a little taller. The girls started laughing and Richard got angry but before he could say something a voice behind him said, "Welcome back, graduates."
General Harper entered the room, dressed in a casual outfit with a hoody and jeans. Richard stepped next to Zoey and formed a line with the two girls.
"I want to congradulate you in person. As you might know, every year we pick one squad for a special mission. It is usually longer and harder, so it tests your abilities more thorougly. That's why it is extremely sad to see only you three come back to us. Let us think for a minute of our fallen comrade, Dimitri." General Harper bowed his head and fell silent, as did Scarlett and Zoey so Richard followed quickly.
Dimitri. Richard had totally forgot about him this whole time. He didn't think it was strange nobody was at the gate for him but now he was wondering. He felt awful for forgetting him so soon. Of course they weren't close. Richard knew him from the classroom, never talked to him once and when they were out on the mission they barely spoke to each other. But to forget him completely was not how Richard saw himself. If the other two are thinking the same thing, he asked himself.
The general rose back up and continued. "We have looked over your photographs and you have passed all the assigned tests." After Richard had left the cellar, Zoey had detonated the explosives and the water tower went down with a defeaning bang. "Therefore you will get special treatments when choosing a rank for you. As it is, you also win the special reward I offered for the most black eye teeth."
"We actually got more than the other", said Scarlett astonished.
"As it turned out you were the only ones who came across any black eyes." He turned towards Zoey. "Zoey, you will join our sabotage unit. Find yourself tomorow morning in the baracks. Scarlett, you will join one of our special forces unit. Find yourself tomorrow morning in the baracks." Lastly he turned towards Richard. His heart pounded and he felt all eyes on him. What if he isn't going to give me the right position, he thought. "Richard. You will be serving under me and will find yourself tomorrow morning in front of the Trant property. Congradulations." He turned around and left the class room with quick steps.
Instead of slowing down, Richard's heart began to pound even faster. He felt his hands were sweating and his mouth was dry. It really happened. He would be around the Trant family, everything was hanging on his shoulders now. The whole plan would be decided by him.



[PB]






<center>*Marc leaves the colony*



The hallway was cold and wet. The air smelled of feces and piss. Marc passed a cigarette into the pocket of Franc, he nodded and let him through. He had to find a new way to pay the man because the cigarettes he had stolen from his father's stash were dwindeling. With every visit one less in the pack. A torch in his left hand lit him the way.
Out at the back of the Rhode property was a warehouse, where most of the valuable goods were stored for trading and safe keeping. But underneath a concrete complex had been built to house the prisoners. Small cells with no light, a bucket to shit in and a blancet to keep them from freezing to death. Most of the criminals were sanctioned with property loss or had to repay the community with hard work on the fields. Severe crimes were always punished by death. Nobody wanted to feed a locked up criminal, who couldn't contribute anything to the community. Therefore the cells weren't use much but for getting information from people of the other families.
Marc went to the last cell, turned the key and let himself in. When he swung the door open a wave of the most disgusting smell broke over him. The light of the torch was bright and the man cowering on the ground squinted his eyes and tried to protect them with his hands.
"Please", he cried. "It's too bright. Please."
Marc hanged the torch into the socket on the wall and went towards the man. "Don't worry. Your eyes will adapt to the light. Didn't you miss me?" He croached down and looked at the man. On his fingers was dried blood.
"Yes, I missed you terribly", said the man and started sobbing. "Why don't you let me out of here? I am dying in here, Marc. The walls. I am telling you, the walls started speaking to me. I tried to shut them up. Look." He stood up and rushed to one of the concrete walls. "See these marks. I made them. You can see them now. But they didn't shut up, Marc. Why?"
"I am so sorry, Brian", said Marc. "You have to be patient a little longer. I will get you out of here. I promised you, didn't I?"
"Yes, you promised. I know." Brian squinted his eyes, the light was still too much for him. It had been the same every time.
"What did we talk about? Did you forget it again?"
"No, no, no", said Brian hastily. "I didn't forget. I repeat it over and over. You made it look like I died. Then you got me in this cell to wait. Wait until the dust has settled and your father isn't watching you anymore. But how long will this be, Marc? I didn't do anything wrong."
"No, we didn't", said Marc and lied down. "Can you hug me again, like you always do?"
Brian lied down behind him, one arm underneath Marc's head, the other one around his chest.
"Can you press a little tighter?", whispered Marc. And Brian did. Marc didn't mind the smell or filth on Brian's arms and hands. He didn't mind the blood on his fingers. His strong arms were around him and he thought back to the times they had spent in the tool shed together. The smell of fresh dirt and grass mixed with Brian's own scent. It was something so distinct, so wonderful, the memory felt almost real. He smelled it right now, lying on a cold concrete floor with a bucket full of feces and piss.
"I have to go for a few days, Brian. And I won't come and visit you for a while."
There was a long pause before Brian answered. "I will miss you."
"I'll miss you too."
"We will go away after this, right? Together?", asked Brian.
"Yes. I promise." And the tears came again.

<center>* * *

When Marc left the cell and walked through the hallway, Franc was gone. He hurried towards the steps, the clacking of his boots reflecting from the walls and the torch flickered. Marc looked up the stairs but Franc was nowhere to be seen. Could his father have bought him too, thought Marc. I was so careful.
He came up the stairs and felt the tension falling from his shoulders. Franc was sitting by one of the windows, blowing the smoke of his new earned cigarette out of the building. Marc walked over to him and said, "You can lock up now, Franc. And", Marc passed him four more cigarettes, "Make sure he is alive and well when I come back. Then you get another four."
"Yes, will do", said Franc and snatched the four cigarettes from his hand. He wouldn't talk like that with my father, Marc thought.
"And give him a bucket of water to wash himself before I come back", shouted Marc over his shoulders before he left the storage building.
At the main gate, Ashton was already waiting impatiently with three other men. They had heavy backpacks, with tools and blancets strapped to the back. Marc saw two of them were armed with pistols and Ashton had a rifle across his chest.
"Are you ready, Mister Rhode?", asked Ashton with a fake smile.
"Yes, I am", said Marc. "You can hand me my rifle now." He walked over to the one backpack lying on the ground. It was similar to the others but didn't have any visible tools on the outside. When he looked up again, Ashton stood there, frozen in time unable to move. I wonder what is happening in his little brain, thought Marc. Maybe he needs some more?
"Didn't you hear me", said Marc now a little louder. The other three men tried to look awkwardly away. "Now, Ashton."
Marc didn't leave him any choice. Inside the colony it was unheard for someone to refuse the order of a Rhode. And so close to the Rhode villa, where Steven Rhode was potentially watching right now, he didn't have any choice in this. But Marc made himself a first enemy on this team. The rifle changed owners and Marc put it around his neck and back. The rifle was way heavier than he had expected. The backpack was already hurting his back but now he had to carry another weight on the front.
Marc almost regretted showing off in front of his team but there was no turning back now. Everbody was set. Marc looked at all of them. Two looked exactly the same to him. Blond, short hair with a common face. They wore green and brown camouflage uniforms, as did Marc. On a recon mission it was important to move unseen. The other, besides Ashton with his bushy brows and mustache, was the tallest of the small group. A chiseled chin, well defined upper body and arms and long black hair gave him something extremly attractive for Marc.
"Let's move", said Marc and the group began their mission.




[PB]






<center>*Mia sees Horizon and Eran will die*



The wires dangled maybe three hundred metres over the ground. The wind beat against Mia and pressed against the left wire. It was dangeroulsy lose and didn't give much safety at all. Her gaze was locked forward, onto Machete's back. Luckily, she had left her backpack in a room Machete gave her to live for the moment. I was a big space but it was mostly for some alone time or if Mia wanted to sleep alone. Most of the Horizon citizens were sleeping together in groups, especially in winter this was importan as Machete told her repeatedly and Camille smiled mischievious.
"Come on, Mia", shouted Machete against the wind and smiled. "We are almost there. Don't look down."
Mia couldn't smile in this situation at all. Her muscles were tense, she was creeping from one shady looking plank to the next. The ground underneath her was shaking and waving in the wind. Everything seemed to move, even the sun and clouds moved so fast Mia almost lost her orientation.
Strong hands grabbed Mia by her shoulders. The world stopped spinning and the sun was set back into her original place in the sky. "Don't stop walking, that was your mistake", a deep voice said into her ear but the wind made it into a whisper. He smelled of some fruit, but Mia wasn't sure what fruit it was. He pressed from behind and lead her on over the suspension bridge.
Machete was waiting on the solid roof. She shook her head slowly from left to right. The machete was still on her belt, even in the safety of this city, or part of the city, she always seemed to carry it around.
"Why is it always you Morgan who helps the young women over the bridges?", asked Machete.
"Just a coincidence, Machete", he answered. "Just a coincidence."
Mia turned around to thank this man Morgan and was completely shocked when she saw him. From his voice Mia had imagined him to be forty years younger and ten times uglier than he actually was. His eyes and mouth were smiling at her, a beard was beginning to grow and his hair was long and messy.
"Thanks", was the only thing Mia could muster up. I want his strong arms and hands around me again, she thought.
"By the way", said Machete after a short, awkward pause, "this is Mia."
"Nice to-"
"Yeah, yeah. Now come on, Mia. Sarah is already expecting us I think." Machete pulled Mia by her arm and left Morgan stand out on the roof, laughing and waving after them.
"He is absolutely gorgeous", said Mia when they went inside the building and Morgan vanished from her sight.
"Well you are not the first one to say that, but I think you should look somewhere else. He already has someone really special."
"Oh, okay." Mia's fantasies got shattered and she went back to reality. They went down an iron staircase with red stairs. A window above them gave enough light to see but it was already getting darker.
"So when you finally meet Sarah, you will see she has the most beautiful hair in this universe. So, the first reaction is to touch it of course and let me tell you, you are aloud. You don't need to be shy around here because it will get you nowhere."
"I don't know if I want to touch somebody's hair even if it is beautiful", said Mia, mildly confused.
"Oh but you will want to", said Machete and opened a door which led them into a hallway. Mia felt the soft carpet under her boots and it sucked away almost all of their footsteps. In front of them an opening brought light into the narrow walkway. Behind that was a big glass facade, which Mia saw while crossing the bridge. The whole building was a big glass box.
Machete whistled twice and Mia heard a loud bark in the distance and then saw a dog run towards them. Machete went down on one knee and the dog jumped at her, wrestling her down to the ground. The dog started licking her face and she kept laughing and stroking the dog.
"I missed you, too", she said and kissed the dog on the head. She finally stood up again and the dog jumped around her.
"Mia, this is Sarah."
Mia started laughing and went down to pet the dog. Sarah came quickly towards her, sniffed at her hands and let Mia touch her.
"How could I doubted you", said Mia. "She has incredibly beautiful hair."
"And you want to touch it."
"And I want to touch it. It has been so long since I have seen a dog." Sarah licked over Mia's hands and even got up to her face. Mia let her do what she wanted. To her surpised, the dog smelled better than most people she had met or lived back at the camp.

<center>* * *

"Do I get a hug too?", asked a female voice. Mia turned around and saw a woman come towards them. She had short blonde hair, wore tight black jeans and a lether jacket overtop a white shirt. On a necklace half of a pair of glasses dangled against her chest. She smiled and opened her arms.
Machete and the woman hugged long and rubbed each other's backs.
"It has been so long", said the woman.
"Yeah, I know. But I have quite the surprise for you. First of all, this is Mia. I met her along the way and she decided to come here. More or less on her own terms."
"Nice to meet you, Mia. I am Sarah."
Mia looked puzzled at the two women. "Are you joking again?"
"No I am really Sarah. Sadly my hair isn't as perfect as her's but I don't think it's that bad. Do you think it's bad?" She brushed through her hair, tried to hold it up, swiped it to the side and tried out different styles.
"No, no it's fine"; said Mia. "I am sorry." She exteneded her hand. "It's nice to meet you, too."
"Oh, what is that?" Sarah took Mia's arm and pulled her against her chest. Mia felt the broken glasses against her chest, it poked into her ribs but it was nice anyway.
"How do you like Horizon so far", asked Sarah after she let go of Mia.
"It's a little too high for my taste. Isn't it dangerous to have bridges from one roof to the next one? I mean has nobody died yet falling down there and get crushed painfully on the ground."
"She was terrified of the bridge", laughed Machete.
"Well at first we started with living in one of these towers", said Sarah and made a gesture to follow her, "but wit more people we had problems gathering enough food for everybody. Every animal seemed to have gone extinct and on the ground there isn't a lot of open space to grow something. So we started a farm on the roof of our first tower. It's this one over there." Sarah showed with her hands into the distance. They were directly before the big glass surface, Mia had seen from the hallway. The building Sarah pointed at was a lot lower than where they were now and it had tightly packed greenhouses on the roof.
"But we still had shadows from the taller buildings all around. So we extended and grow our crops on every roof you can see." Mia looked around. She saw everything more clearly now that she wasn't walking over nothing. All around the roofs were filled with glass construction and inside she saw greens and reds, yellows and browns shimmer through the shiny glass. She saw bridges cross from every building to the next, a wide network connected to each other. The building where they were now was the tallest.
"Wow. I didn't see all of that from the bridge", said Mia.
"She was busy enjoying getting some help from our handsome Morgan", whispered Machete into Sarah's ear way too loud.
"I was not", insisted Mia and looked out the window.
"We even have some chickens", said Sarah proudly. "I found them on an abandonend farm and brought them back. And a few days ago, two eggs hatched and we have now tiny cute balls with feather running around. They are adorable."
"But aren't you tired of walking up hundreds of stairs all the time? It must have been exhausting to bring all the material and dirt and the animals up to these roofs."
"But it's safer up here", said Machete. "We closed off all the other buildings except the one we came in. We barricated the entrances, made them safe so we only have to defend one stairway up basically. And even if someone or something would come up we have thin, shaky bridges between us and the enemy. And isn't it absolutely cool?"
"I guess it's cool if you aren't afraid of heights", murmured Mia.
"Sarah", said Machete, "I think it's time to take care of the other thing."

<center>* * *

"What are you talking about?", asked Mia. The two women kept silent. "You are talking about Eran, aren't you?" Moira didn't know, she can't, thought Mia. We were so close she could never have known what his real intention were.
"Yes, Mia", said Sarah. "We need to deal with him as soon as possible."
"I think it's best if you don't see this", said Machete and looked at her with the concerned face of a parent. "I will bring you into our kitchen. There should be something to eat for you and some people to keep you company."
"I want to talk to him first", Mia bursted out with it. I need to know. She had nothing to do with it, went through Mia's head. She was feeling anxious and her heart started pounding. Not Moira.
"Why?", asked Sarah. "Why do you want to talk to someone who tried to sell you into slavery and prostitution?"
"Prostitution? I never", stuttered Mia. "I never, why is nobody telling me what is going on?" Everybody had left her alone. Her parents weren't there to talk to her, Moira turned out to be a potential slave trader and everybody was treating her like a child. Passed around from one so called safe place to the next.
Machete walked up to her and grabbed her by the shoulders, "Listen to me, Mia", she said. "I will tell you everything I know, eventhough it isn't much and you maybe wanna talk to that beautiful person to my right because she is the smartest person here. But we will tell you everything. Trust me, you don't want to be there for this. Nobody does. But it has to be done anyway."
Mia hesitated. Could she really try to argue with them about this? After all she was a guest in their home and was depending on them for food, shelter and safety. So she did the only thing she had learned so far, follow someone elses lead.
"Yeah, okay", she said looking to the ground. "Let's go."



[PB]






<center>*Richards first day at new work*



The sun was onbstructed by one of the tall, stone towers of the Trant residence. Richard stood a few hundred metres away from the main entrance to the property. The Trants had found shelter in an ancient castle with high stone walls and towers, which overlooked the whole colony. The castle had been built on a mild elevation and was big enough to house a hundred people or more if necessary.
When the colony was very small and people started to turn here to find shelter and safety, black eyes regularly attacked the colony. Richard only heard stories about this time because he and his parents joined the colony only three years ago and by then most of the back eyes had disappeared. But back in that time the walls had protected the whole population of this settlement.
Slowly Richard walked towards the entrance. Two soldiers with rifles were guarding it. Behind the crenellations the head of a woman popped out. She looked around aimlessly. Her hair was black and long but Richard couldn't see much more from here. He looked around him, people were waking up and going after their daily work. He saw an old man lie in a small alleyway. His skin was stretched over his bones, paperthin and almost see through. He didn't move and Richard wasn't sure if he was only sleeping or dead. Then he walked past it and the man vanished from his view as did the woman on the wall when he looked up again.
"Stop", said one of the guards. He had a long beard which went down to his chest. "What's your business here?"
Richard stopped and took a deep breath, "I am here to start working for General Harper. My name is Richard."
The two guards nodded to each other and let him pass.
The drawbridge creaked under Richard's new, stiff boots. Some of the planks had been changed and they were lighter than the older ones. It made a confusing pattern on the floor. The archway was high enough to fit a full sized truck through it without any problems. In the cracks between the stones grew green moss but the walls looked hard and sturdy.
Inside Richard had to stop for a second and take it all in. He had heard rumors and stories about this place, the infamous citadelle of the colony. His father once told him he had always dreamt of working in here some day but it didn't work out in the end. And now, his son was inside the walls, surrounded by the most powerful and most important people of their colony. It was a lot quieter than Richard had expected it. He thought of hundreds of people running through the castel, hurrying to get to the next meeting. Planing tactics, regulating food supplies and overlooking the colony for law and order. But now the castle looked dead and empty. From a few chimneys rose swirls of smoke in the sky and Richard saw light behind some glass windows.
"Hey you", a voice called from above. "What are you standing there for?"
Richard turned around and looked up to the gatehouse. A soldier with a yellow cap on his head and a sniper rifle in his hands stood up there and looked down on him. "I am looking for General Harper's quarters. I am his new-"
"General Harper's quarters are in building C", the soldier cut off Richard. "That's the one with a red flag on the roof up the road. Now go and don't stand there like a useless bum."
Richard went on without thanking the man. He didn't think it necessary after the unfriendly tone in his voice. The castle had broad walkways and on some corners old buildings must have been torn down to make way for the road. Richard saw buildings literally cut in half, standing there with a wide open side and nothing inside. On the left against the outer wall parked dozens of vehicles. It must have been the stables before it was rebuilt into a giant garage for all the vehicles needed. One of them was the truck that brought Richard and his Squad out into the wild for their mission. Besides the trucks there were jeeps, motorcycles and a big tank truck.
The tank truck was used often when Richard and his family moved to the colony. He saw it drive the main road through the colony and out the main gate. The noise could be heard all around and people chanted when they saw it pass through. It was a good sign, a sign that they would come back with more gas or oil or whatever they could find to fuel the generators and little machines people had rebuilt. When time went on, the truck left only once a month before it was never seen again outside the walls. Richard's father said, he heard it from one of the soldiers working in the castle when they drank some booze at the bar. He told him the land was dry. Every car and gas station had been tapped either by them or the other survivors. And it wouldn't be efficient anymore to drive way out there to tap some old car wrecks where the tank was already rusted or dissolved anyway.
The road was hugging the wall but after Richard passed the tank truck rusting in the corner of the stables the road took a turn to the right and grew steeper. It was now only wide enough to fit four or five people comfortably next to each other. The inner wall divided the castle into two parts. The first one was for storage, vehicles and other buildings Richard couldn't connect a use to yet. But higher up on the next level lay the inner workings of the citadelle. A smaller gate let Richard inside the heart of the colony. Nobody restricted him entry here, there wasn't even a guard around to do so. But on the courtyard in front of him, he finally found the castle he had imagined it to be. People were running around, none of them carrying weapons. The ground was marshy and wet, the mud had turned into a swamp and planks had been lain above it to make it easier to walk. The scene was packed with buildings so close to each other there windows almost touched. Everywhere wooden boxes were piled high against the buildings.
To the left was a chapel, the clock wasn't working anymore and was frozen on a quarter past two but the colourful windows were still intact. Over the two heavy wood doors hung a sad, red flag. Richard went straight for the chapel, avoiding a collision with any of the others. From young boys to elderly looking women, the crowd had everything. Richard went up the five steps to the chapels entrance and pushed against the right wing of the door. With effort and a loud squeaking the door finally swung open. The building had nothing in common to a normal church but a stone altar in the front and the coloured windows that let the light inside. Behind the altar, where normally Jesus hung on the cross, hung a big map. General Harper stood in front of it talking to someone to his right and pointing at various points. On the left a desk with three young men was set down and they all wore headphones and wrote something on paper infront of them. They were the communication unit working with morse code. On the right smaller maps were pinned against different, quickly constructed, wooden walls with filing cabinets behind them.
A young boy whispered something in General Harper's ear and he turned around and looked at Richard. His face didn't show if he was happy to see him or not. It didn't change when he walked across the room to greet Richard with a handshake.





[PB]






<center>*Chapter 1*



The mood was playful and wild, big drums were played in a fast succession and people danced themselves into a sort of trance. The rhythm was welcoming and pulled on Mia's arms and legs to stand up and join the others. They had been sitting in a big circle around a fire that sent waves of smoke up into the next floor through a black hole and disappeared. Down on this floor, the people of Horizon had busted through every wall and made it into one huge room that span from outer wall to outer wall. First Mia had sat with Machete, Camille and the two Sarah's around the fire, chatting, eating and listening to some soft drum sounds and chatter from outher groups around the middle fire. But soon, more and more people started playing on their drums made from rusted metal barrels, car parts, pipes and hollow branches and even a real drum was played in the midst of it.
After everybody had eaten and was tired of talking over the drums, Machete and the others rose up and joined in to some others, who already started to dance in a strange fashion. To Mia, this was totally new ground and they looked rather foolish than anything else. Their arms looked like wet noodles, flinging up and down, right and left, then once around the body and back. The men and women shook their bodies in rapid succession when the beat started to get quicker. Some had self made bells out of glass or metal scraps and the ringing sounds mixed with the now deafening thunder of the drums.
Camille danced with two guys, one in front of her, the other one behind her. There was a lot of touching between every party and soon Mia was certain they blend together into one organism. Machete and Sarah were somewhere in the crowd of people dancing and Mia couldn't see them. She wanted to join in but when ever someone came back, to take a sip to drink she always said, she didn't want to. After a while they stopped and didn't come back at all, so Mia kept to herself and nibbled on some bread crust.
It hadn't been more than an hour ago when Machete and Sarah, the human, came to Mia's room and picked her up to come to the usual evening gathering. They didn't talk about anything that happened before but Mia knew what they were doing. She had watched them leave the sky city Horizon and saw them, with a lot struggle to look down, leave the city with three horses. Machete on the first, Sarah on the third and in the middle was something strapped over it. After a few hours and when the sun had almost sunk, they came back, the second horse trodded behind the two but without anything on it.
First Mia told herself she should be happy about this. He was not a good man and he did deserve whatever they did to him out there. But Mia couldn't be happy about it. She didn't care when Machete cut of the heads of black eyes, who had surrounded her but it was different then. This time, it was an actual human being, a person. Whatever he had done and whatever his motives were, it left a bitter taste in her mouth that he had to die for what he had done or wanted to do. Besides that the thought of Moira didn't leave Mia alone neither. Everytime she thought about Moira, pictures of her gentle, wrinkled face come to her mind and the blanket in her hands reminds her of the vanilla perfume Moira used to wear almost everyday.
Mia startled when someone tapped her on the shoulder. Morgan sat down besides her with a friendly smile on his face. He wore a red checkered shirt and ripped pants with holes for the knees. He smelled of smoke and sweat.
"There aren't parties like this where you come from, I suppose", he said and grabbed the last of Machete's bread.
"Sorry, but that's not yours", said Mia. "It belongs to Machete and I don't know if she would like you to eat it just like that."
But Morgan just looked at her and shouted, "What? I can't hear you.", over the drum beats. He gestured Mia to follow him and stood up. The hand he gave Mia, to help her up, gripped her's firmly and with almost no effort he pulled her up from the ground and led her away from the dancing. They went to the stairs and folllowed them down to the next floor. The drums seeped through the concrete floor and were still easily heard and felt down here. Sometimes the ceiling vibrated above Mia's head.
"So again", started Morgan. "don't you like dancing?"
Mia wasn't sure how to answer this question and him still leading her around hand in hand didn't make thinking any easier. "I guess I", she stuttered, "don't know how to. That's all."
"Oh come on. Nobody up there knows how to dance so why do you think you need to do anything special?"
His face was barely visible but his eyes reflected the silver moon light. He had lead Mia to a big window front, like they had in the upper floor as well. But here Mia finally saw all the stars in the sky and a full moon shining down on them.
"Well, I don't know", was everything she had to say. Mia felt her cheeks burning and felt her dry tongue long for water.
"Is this how you survived all this time? Not knowing?"
He obviously had no bad intentions and meant it mearly as a joke but it scratched a part in Mia that didn't think that way at all. "I survived because I had to. You don't learn dancing when you have to eat worms and ants or go to bed with a growling stomach. I am sorry that there were no dance lessons where I come from."
